Fact: Although his lifespan predates most of the known universe, it is widely accepted by experts that Randy is approaching the end of his life, expected to occur some time within the next two centuries. Aware of his imminent demise, Randy has begun passing down his knowledge of galactic events to others through Star Wars lore, primarily through the medium of his daily Star Wars facts.
Fact: Chewbacca Fact: RRRAARRWHHGWWR ARRGWWHHRAAAGRR GAWARRGGGWWARRRRRHHHH Randy WWWGRRRGAAAAAARRRR!
Fact: Contrary to popular belief, nobody invented velcro. The world always had this technology, but sometime during the 1700's it stopped working and the world abandoned it. Randy simply allowed it to work again.
Fact: Adam can only lift a single ton. Randy can lift them all.
Fact: A frog once caught Randy and put him in a mayonnaise jar with a stick and a leaf.
Fact: After the tragic loss of their Captain at sea, Randy, a mere cabin boy at the time, rallied the crew together and became their leader, and together they ruled the seas. He would become known as the father of all pirates, his first initial becoming their rallying cry.
Fact: After work Randy sometimes has a drink with Predators on their homeworld. Sometimes, just for fun, they'll fight to the death. As a show of appreciation, Randy has actually let a few of them win, but he's got enough extra lives that he can afford to.
Fact: All business meetings are actually about Randy. Randy used to call them "me things" but all of his gathering were with Irish businessmen who pronounced the word with an extra 'e' and no 'h'.
Fact: All CATS base are belong to Randy.
Fact: All interns responsible for botching Randy's achievements have been sacked.
Fact: All roads leading into Pittsburgh were designed by Dr. Seuss. Randy hates this and has already destroyed two sports arenas in anger, putting the tax payers out of hundreds of millions of dollars to build new ones.
Fact: All we are is dust in the wind. Randy is the wind
Fact: Although his lifespan predates most of the known universe, it is widely accepted by experts that Randy is approaching the end of his life, expected to occur some time within the next two centuries. Aware of his imminent demise, Randy has begun passing down his knowledge of galactic events to others through Star Wars lore, primarily through the medium of his daily Star Wars facts.  His writings are expected to be named "The Gospel of Randy".
Fact: Although Randy is a flesh eating creature of the night, he's also pretty cool to hang out with. He prefers to be called "fundead."
Fact: Always wear a flak jacket when hugging Randy. An explosion will result, and it's best to be prepared.
Fact: Batteries only work because one time Randy went number 2 in the woods and accidentally wiped with poison ivy.  I don't understand the significance of that, but that's because I'm not Randy.
Fact: Blue whales have arteries large enough to swim through. Randy is the only one to ever survive this.
Fact: Boomerangs used to fly in a straight line. When Randy was born they miraculously returned to their thrower. Australians declared a national holiday in his honor.
Fact: Breaking Bad was a television series based loosely on Randy's escapades as a drug lord in the southwestern United States.
Fact: Randy's nipples always point due north.
Fact: ...but his toes always point due south.
Fact: Cats have 9 lives but Randy has 1... and it's better than yours.
Fact: Cats may have 9 lives, but Randy has infinite lives
Fact: Choosy Moms choose Jif, only because it's Randy's favorite.
Fact: Chuck Norris tells Randy Facts
Fact: Coca-Cola's motto used to be "Randy, we enjoy our lives so please don't kill us." In 1983 he allowed them to shorten it to "Enjoy."
Fact: crippling depression deals with randy.
Fact: Curling is not a Sport. It is an interpretive dance that tries to express how Randy's brain works. Since it's about Randy there's a winner.
Fact: Danger is not Randy's middle name.  But if you ask him what it is, he'll stare at you until you catch fire.
Fact: Darth Vader just thinks he killed the younglings. Randy actually saved them through a temporal time vortex involving an old Chevy transmission and very strong google-fu. He can't explain it because he's never seen back to the future.
Fact: David Palmer had a dream where Randy was a superhero "Ant Man"... and protected the ants.
Fact: Doctors call what they do a "practice" because compared to the perfection of Randy, everything is just practice.
Fact: Dragons like Randy.
Fact: During Halloween, Randy has been known to "go as a Jedi" and convince many homes to give him all their candy using the Force.
Fact: Elvis can't touch Randy's Doc Martins.
Fact: Even Randy knows the Flyers suck.
Fact: Every bug that Randy introduces is a feature.
Fact: Every inmate writes letters to Randy in hopes that he will pardon them. He stopped visiting jails a while ago, but he got pretty good cell reception.
Fact: Every movie ever made *is* about Randy. That's why he doesn't need to see them.
Fact: Every school paper is a copy of the great deeds of Randy and therefore guilty of plagiarism. He only uses this fact to discredit any politician or p.h.d. that gets in his way.
Fact: Everything the light touches belongs to Randy.
Fact: Famous opera singer Pavarotti lip synced all of his performances. That's just the sound that Randy makes when he speaks.
Fact: Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created significantly less important than Randy.
Fact: Git doesn't make Randy commit changes before pushing them. It knows that greatness takes lots of consideration, and will allow him to change his mind in the future without a solid commitment now.
Fact: Google was once asked about a bug that involved a link to an image of Randy's face always appearing as the top result. Their response was, "That's no bug."
Fact: Gungans only talk like that because Randy is so powerful, they stutter in his presence.
Fact: He's climbin in your window, snatching yo people up. Randy's bring them back in through the front door.
Fact: Highlander is a historical adaptation of how Randy became so powerful. The movie was stretched out to feature length for movie audiences. It originally took Randy only 15 minutes to track down all of his competition and then behead them with his lightsaber.
Fact: Horsepower used to be called Randypower. However, no engine ever made has equaled 1 Randypower, so they renamed it.
Fact: If both you and Randy have 5 dollars, Randy has more money than you.
Fact: If Randypedia begins to note its own facts, it will destroy the universe.
Fact: If Randy says her name is "Par Benatar"... her name is Par Benatar!
Fact: If you ever see someone standing behind Randy with a notebook, don't worry. They periodically stop in and observe him working to establish an official list of Best Practices in software design.
Fact: If you put your ear up to a seashell you can hear the ocean.  If you put your ear up to Randy you can hear him say "What the fuck are you doing?"
Fact: If you type out a new randyfact while others are trying to view randyfacts, it's hard to notice.
Fact: I'm pretty sure that Randypedia is not active in this channel. But Randy knows. He always knows.
Fact: Indiana Jones survived a nuclear blast by jumping into a fridge. Randy survived a nuclear blast by jumping into a microwave... just for the irony.
Fact: In space, Randy can still hear you scream, and he takes great pleasure in causing you to do so.
Fact: Instincts are just Randy telepathically advising animals on what they should do.
Fact: In the first part of the 20th century, Randy's favorite color was red so he invented communism. He got bored with it pretty quick and changed his mind... but it's really hard to get out red ink and it lasted longer than expected.
Fact: In the grand scheme of things, Randy is a really good sport about this.
Fact: Ironically the actual dark side of the moon belongs to Randy, however he couldn't get the rights to the album.
Fact: It doesn't rain every time that Randy cries. It rains in place of Randy crying so that he never has to feel sad. Sometimes he watches Old Yeller just to end a local drought.
Fact: It is commonly believed that the root of all evil is Money. The root of all evil is actually Randy. He just invented money because it's more fun that way.
Fact: It is much more fun to say model numbers that begin with the letter "R", like "R1354" and "R-M8IE5." This is a small part of why Randy is so powerful.
Fact: It's not that Randy doesn't swim in ponds because he's too coy. It's because he's not koi enough.
Fact: Jabba the Hutt's favorite way to kill was to command Randy to do it. Jabba did not employ this tactic often because it took quite some time to clean up all that blood.
Fact: Jim Morrison was the lizard king, but only Randy can do anything.
Fact: Light cannot travel at the speed of Randy.
Fact: Lyme disease is no laughing matter... unless Randy makes fun of it. Then it's hilarious!
Fact: Lymphoma is no laughing matter... unless Randy makes fun of it. Then it's hilarious!
Fact: Magic only worked in the ancient world because Randy had no other way of watching the chronicles of the "Star Wars" without project magical images. He stopped when the film projector was invented and diligently worked on feature films. Allow magic to exist takes a lot out of him.
Fact: Many people think the man on the moon is Randy.  It's not, but Randy put him there.
Fact: Most people think that humans achieve flight because the wings of an airplane create uneven pressure above and below the wing. Fact is that Randy controls all flight, and had been suppressing humans in the past because they were so primitive. Once he met the Wright brothers, they became friends and allowed them to fly.
Fact: Most scientists believe that a huge meteor strike and the resulting dust cloud were what killed the dinosaurs.  Truth is, a long time ago Randy had a pet T-Rex that he rode from tar pit to tar pit before he invented the automobile.  One day, Ol' Rexy as Randy used to call him, got spooked by a chupacabra and bucked Randy off.  Twas this impact that actually killed the dinosaurs.  It was ironic too.  Randy had just invented gravity.
Fact: Mount Rushmore used to rush less. Then Randy visited.
Fact: Much is disputed about the origin of pirates, but Randy is sure to have been involved.
Fact: Murphy's law prepares in case Randy happens.
Fact: Ninjas can't hide from Randy, and they know better than to try running.
Fact: Ninjas fear Randy because Jakicic is Japanese for death.
Fact: Nothing Randy does is contrived.
Fact: Nothing Randy enjoys is contrived.
Fact: Nothing Randy says is contrived.
Fact: No T-Rex on the corner has swagger like Randy.
Fact: One can unlock the Randy character in Mario Kart 64. The catch? Randy must first blow into the cartridge.
Fact: One Sith of all Jedi turn to the dark side, but only Randy brings balance to the Force.
Fact: Randy and Tucan Sam used to be really close friends, until one day when they went to a party together and Tucan Sam got too close to a bag of coke and accidentally snorted all of it during a weird hiccup sneeze yawn thing that he did.  I can't explain what it was, but Randy can.
Fact: Only randy understands the fact about Tucan Sam.
Fact: On the back end, Google just interfaces with Randy's extensive knowledge of basically everything.
Fact: People believe that some randyfacts don't get added because they are inappropriate... but they're not added because they go without saying.
Fact: people say a penny saved is a penny earned.  This saying originated with Randy when he started saving copper pennies.  He saves them because he knows more than you about stuff and things.
Fact: Pizza Hut used to be a sub shop named Steve's Sandwich Shop. Randy forced them to change their name to incorporate two things that he is really good at: Pizza and Football.
Fact: Pluto is no longer a planet because Randy just lost all respect for it.
Fact: Pluto is no longer a planet because Randy kicked it out of the galaxy
Fact: Rand(e) will give you a number from 0 to 2.71828182845904523536028747135266249775724709369995
Fact: Rand just inspired a Slack intergration.
Fact: Random used to be spelled "Randumb." People realized just how smart Randy really is and changed the spelling.
Fact: Randy accomplished almost everything before he caught a fly with chopsticks. He saved that for last.
Fact: Randy actually has the highest selling album of all time, but he let the Beatles borrow the title because he's such a nice guy.
Fact: Randy already had the idea for the best game, but he refuses to make it because it would be irresponsible to distract the entire world.
Fact: Randy also has diplomatic immunity.
Fact: Randy always enters through the Staffing door because the Garage door in the warehouse is afraid of him. Anytime he walks towards the bathroom, it shakes with fear.
Fact: Randy always wears a bullet proof vest.  He doesn't really need one since his skin is impenetrable, he's just got a totally badass sense of fashion.
Fact: Randy and his brother were commissioned to build the arc in a day's time. Their success granted them right of passage, and they led the boarding.
Fact: Randy and Olmec used to get stoned together.
Fact: Randy built a snow fort once, and it was kickass.  He came out to play in it one morning and it was gone... and so was the Titanic.
Fact: Randy came up with the way to remember the names of the planets.  My Very Elegant Mother Just Sat Upon Nine Porcupine.  Then some asshole made Pluto not a planet.  Now Randy says.  My Very Elegant Mnemonic Just Stops Under Nine.
Fact: Randy can count to the number p
Fact: Randy can detect T-Rexes without the use of a glass of water, and they follow him because they wish they had his swagger, not because he's carrying a flare.
Fact: Randy can fit 5 whole bags of Big League Chew in his mouth at once.  Weird thing is, he swallows his gum when he's done chewing it.  He once farted the worlds largest bubble.
Fact: Randy can float like a butterfly and sting like a bee.  He chooses not to sting like a bee though, because bees make people nervous, and Randy wants you to be completely calm when he kills you.
Fact: Randy can get ye flask.
Fact: Randy can levitate birds with his mind. If he ever stops a bunch of birds will just come crashing down.
Fact: Randy can make comic sans look cool.
Fact: Randy can make the flavor of fruit stripe gum last longer than 15 seconds.
Fact: Randy cannot steal money. It already belongs to him.
Fact: Randy can only get jobs at places that don't do background check. No database can store information going back to the beginning of time.
Fact: Randy can play the game Hungry Hungry Hippos at 5:00 in the morning without waking up someone sleeping in the room next door.
Fact: Randy can read his name on every one of those trophies.
Fact: Randy can read wingdings
Fact: Randy can rewind time, but it never turns out better the 2nd time around.
Fact: Randy can see in 6 dimensions. To him the earth *is* flat.
Fact: Randy can see T-Rexes that are standing perfectly still... Wait...
Fact: Randy can smell what The Rock is cookin'.
Fact: Randy can't read. He just looks and understands.
Fact: Randy cares if Dodgson's here
Fact: Randy casts his enderpearls before zombie pigmen.
Fact: Randy coined the plural "ambiguities" in the late 90s after developing two desktop applications to streamline the dress tie selection and purchasing process. The singular had previously been used only in the context of discussing his existence, and he sought to deflect the attention.
Fact: Randy completes every Ludum Dare in 48 seconds, but every one of his games is so fun it gets banned from the competition because no one else ever plays any of the other entries after playing his.
Fact: Randy constantly has a case of poison ivy.  It doesn't bother him though, but if you do he'll open the case and dump it on you.
Fact: Randy could cause a zombie outbreak at any time, for he is neither living nor dead.
Fact: Randy currently holds the home run record. He hit the ball once, it revolved around the earth, and he hit it again. This continued until he made the books. Most people confused the event for a meteor shower.
Fact: Randy Dared Ludum... and Ludum backed down.
Fact: Randy dated a velociraptor for 6 months, but she wasn't clever enough for his tastes.
Fact: Randy deliberately talks with a quiet voice so as not to shatter all the glass in a 3 mile radius.
Fact: Randy delivered the first stork baby and so created the great circle of life.
Fact: Randy didn't let Taylor Swift finish, because HE has the best music video of all time.
Fact: Randy does not have to give all glory to... ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD :hypnotoad:
Fact: Randy does not scare easily.
Fact: Randy does not travel through time so much as... he exists in all time. He is omnitemporal.
Fact: Randy doesn't buy a car from a dealership. He sells them their stock and just keeps one.
Fact: Randy doesn't even like dragons and he STILL got a job here.
Fact: Randy doesn't get even... he gets odd.
Fact: Randy doesn't get mad. Randy doesn't even get even. He just concentrates really hard until the roof leaks over that person's computer.
Fact: Randy doesn't have to "act" like his shit don't stink.
Fact: Randy doesn't have to Force Lightning to do anything. It does what he wants voluntarily
Fact: Randy doesn't have to use contraception.  He procreates precisely when he means to.
Fact: Randy doesn't need Neil Young around, anyhow.
Fact: Randy doesn't play magic. He plays with the force.
Fact: Randy doesn't play magic. He puts on an opera about magic and shows off his unmatched baritone.
Fact: Randy doesn't play magic. He used keeps pulling rabbits out of hats to end world hunger.
Fact: Randy doesn't play magic. He works it.
Fact: Randy doesn't play magic. It's serious business.
Fact: Randy doesn't take weekends off.  It's just that you do so you never see him there and he doesn't like to brag.
Fact: Randy doesn't wait for loading bars. Loading bars wait for Randy.
Fact: Randy does want to sell you deathsticks.
Fact: Randy eats a breakfast consisting of actual champions. Not just a breakfast fit for any given champion.
Fact: Randy eats game jams for breakfast. He spreads them on his english muffins. He prefers the strawberry flavored.
Fact: Randy entered an independent film into Cannes film festival and it wont first place at the indy 500.
Fact: Randy expected the Spanish Inquisition.
Fact: Randyfacts are not a waste of time. Reading them is the first time you've ever made good use of time in your miserable life.
Fact: Randy frequently gets carded when purchasing alcohol, but instead of showing his drivers license, he just whips out his Black Lotus card, and everyone's so impressed they don't even ask.
Fact: Randy gave smallpox to the Aztecs
Fact: Randy gives up the Force for Lent every year, because he's still a crack shot with a blaster pistol. He also only eats Gungans on Fridays.
Fact: Randy goes to 11
Fact: Randy got Lyme disease once, and didn't like it, but he likes Key Lyme disease ok.
Fact: Randy got revenge on Montezuma.
Fact: Randy graduated high school when he was 14. He already had a bunch of college degrees, but he thought he'd check it out.
Fact: Randy had a #3 hit on the billboard hot 100 R&amp;B charts for 4 weeks running. It was more of a smooth jazz classic, but since he included Kenny G as a back up artists they made an exception.
Fact: Randy hands out None Of Your Business cards.
Fact: Randy has 12 types of color receptors. We all look like tie dye colors to him.
Fact: Randy has 7 antistates.
Fact: Randy has 7 prostates.
Fact: Randy has a nervous tick. He keeps it in a jar in the basement and makes it watch him torture the other ticks. So you can't blame him for being nervous.
Fact: Randy has an evil twin.
Fact: Randy has a rubric that helps him understand how to breed Quokkas.
Fact: Randy has led a horse to water, then blew it up with Francium
Fact: Randy has led people to believe that he always knows the exact location of Waldo.  This is true.  He's buried in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.  When asked why he did it, Randy remarked "You can run, but you can't hide"
Fact: Randy has never made the Kessel Run in less than twelve parsecs. Randy made the Kessel Run.
Fact: Randy has never owned Converse shoes... but hostile corporate takeovers are his specialty. So just you wait.
Fact: Randy has never tied at tic-tac-toe
Fact: Randy has never won at any card game. All of the other players are the winners for getting to talk to him.
Fact: Randy has not seen Interstellar, the Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Contact, We are Marshall, or True Detective.
Fact: Randy has put an elephant in the fridge.
Fact: Randy has the ability to speak to fish. After Eric leaves for the day, he whispers nasty rumors about him to General Tso.
Fact: Randy has tugged on supermans cape, spat into the wind, stole the lone ranger's mask, and beat the fucking shit out of Jim
Fact: Randy has won the Tour de France on a unicycle.
Fact: Randy hates Tootsie Rolls. They look like Pizza logs but don't fuel his genius intellect for hours at a time.
Fact: Randy holds a license to practice magic in the commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
Fact: Randy increases the kerning between letters on road signs so that it bothers average people but they have no easy way to describe what's wrong unless they understand typography.
Fact: Randy insists that we go to Sir's Day. Normal pizza is not dangerous enough.
Fact: Randy invented a new form of martial arts that allows him to kill people with only his toes. He created it while watching an episode of the cartoon Doug and has since named the style "Killer Toe-Fu"
Fact: Randy invented Baseball during WWI when he would stand above a trench with a stick and hit all of the grenades back at the enemy. The enemy soldier's hasty retreat that this caused was known as a "home run."
Fact: Randy invented deserts to be giant litter boxes. That's why the Egyptians worshiped cats.
Fact: Randy invented Nerf guns so that he can randomly switch between Nerf guns and real guns. This really keeps his enemies guessing.
Fact: Randy invented soap operas to make his favorite television shows look better by comparison.
Fact: Randy invented the mullet, but quickly oversaw its disappearance in fashion. The world wasn't ready for it yet. That is, except for the hair metal genre and West Virginia.
Fact: Randy invented the swine flu so geeks could finally get dates.
Fact: Randy invented water pistols in order to fight off an invasion of aliens who are allergic to water. He then realized that those aliens would have to be unbelievably stupid to attack a planet covered in 70% water and gave his invention to kids.
Fact: Randy is able to rotate his torso a full 360º.
Fact: Randy is actually 50 feet tall. He chooses to appear at his current size because he doesn't want to be included in any tall tales.
Fact: Randy is actually a 7 foot tall, bearded, Russian spy. he's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a grizzly bear. He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a group of mice standing in the shape of a Fact: Randy is actually a disgruntled circus performer who pretends to be a software developer. He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually an emperor penguin. He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually an escaped convict from Greenland. He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually Jimmy Hoffa who retired to safety in a Jedi protection program. He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually one of 13 identical twins, but he murdered all the others while still in the womb.
Fact: Randy is actually the Force ghost of Colonel Sanders. He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is a doctor in 17 disciplines. He has 51 diplomas and 39 honorary degrees. All told that's 90 degrees, but we knew he was always right long before that.
Fact: Randy is a fine one.  What a good wife, he would be-he-hee-heee.
Fact: Randy is a grammar nazi.
Fact: Randy is a lover of spontaneity.
Fact: Randy is ALWAYS voted the employee of the month, but he's generous and just lets someone else have it.
Fact: Randy is always "who's there" in a knock knock joke, but since that's implied, the reason the joke works because he brought something with him.  Randy always brings gifts on his door knocking adventures.
Fact: Randy is a master at Tae Kwon Do.  He can even do a full split.  Into two people who can both beat your ass.  When he does this move, he calls the other half Bobby.
Fact: Randy is a programmer. It's way better than being anti-grammar.
Fact: Randy is Darth Vaders father.
Fact: Randy is going back to the future as we speak.
Fact: Randy *is* great, and he just got back to work.
Fact: Randy is here to kick ass and chew bubble gum... and Randy's really good at multitasking.
Fact: Randy is kind even when he doesn't rewind.
Fact: Randy is like Santa Claus in that he knows when you're sleeping, he knows when you're awake, he knows when you've been bad or good. He just doesn't care.
Fact: Randy is made of matter. All facts are about Randy. This fact is about Randy, and that is a matter of fact.
Fact: Randy is made out of Captain America's shield and can only be cut by lightsabers... and deeply emotional insults.
Fact: Randy is omnipresent. He sees everybody after class... especially those who get an F-... and Pete.
Fact: Randy *is* one of the legends of the hidden temple. He and Olmec play poker on the weekends.
Fact: Randy is really good friends with a Lion... and after he saved Narnia, he joined OpenArc as a developer.
Fact: Randy is secretly extremely-old and well-traveled, because he's actually from a long time ago, and a galaxy far, far away.
Fact: Randy is specific in all of his ambiguities.
Fact: Randy is the author of all Randy facts, he just puts the thought in your head to give you at least one small sense of accomplishment for the day.
Fact: Randy is the creator of all spiders. Every time you kill one, he weeps.
Fact: Randy is the fourth law of thermodynamics.
Fact: Randy is the leading cause of death among star wars haters.
Fact: Randy is the one responsible for destroying Superman's home planet. He was done in that section of the galaxy and decided to turn the Kryptoff.
Fact: Randy is the original source of the "Wow!" Signal, the "Bloop", and the Siberian crater, but he did not start the fire. That was a deranged group of circus mice playing with matches and hairspray.
Fact: Randy is the real Slim Shady. He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is the sparkle generator
Fact: Randy is the wind beneath your wings
Fact: Randy is the... Yo Randypedia, I'm really happy for ya and Imma let you finish... but Beyonce has the best randyfact of all time. OF ALL TIME!
Fact: Randy is too mature to laugh at jokes about menstruation. Period.
Fact: Randy is what Willis is talking about.
Fact: Randy just bought a new iPhone. He couldn't find it in the Nokia section because it wasn't a droid that he was looking for.
Fact: Randy knows two facts about ducks and both of them are wrong
Fact: Randy knows where Amelia Earhart is
Fact: Randy knows who DB Cooper was and where his money is
Fact: Randy liked the Death Star explosion, so he put a ring on it.
Fact: Randy, like E.T. can make his fingers glow.  However, unlike E.T. when Randy makes his fingers glow, there are no healing properties, but rather an intense heat so hot he can melt solid steel.  The effect is known as badassery and is caused by an excess flow of blood to the phalanges.  Randys blood is molten titanium.
Fact: Randy lives in a giant ice castle in the northern territory of Canada. It was rented out to the director of Superman for the set of the Fortress of Solitude in the 1978 film.
Fact: Randy loves Sushi. He is om-nom-nom-tempura
Fact: Randy never makes a wrong turn. He's always exactly where he wants to be.
Fact: Randy never misspells a word. The English language just adopts the new spelling and applies it to another concept in order to incorporate this new wisdom. This is how we got the words: leek, aisle, tern, and fowl.
Fact: Randy never needs assistance. He just gets reminded of vast swaths of knowledge that he already knows.
Fact: Randy never sells out because there's always more where that came from.
Fact: Randy never writes down his great wisdom, especially when asked. He prefers to speak it aloud for all to hear. All advice Randy gives is sound advice.
Fact: Randy occasionally visits the Ancient Ones in a nursing home on the weekends. He usually brings Cthulhu a little bit of General Tso's fish food, even though he's really not allowed to have it.
Fact: Randy once accidentally stepped on an Exogorth.  He didn't feel bad about it either.
Fact: Randy once attended a SirsDay with King Arthur and the knights of the round table. A joke about dragons was made when Lancelot burned the roof of his mouth on the cheese.
Fact: Randy once circumnavigated the globe in a lawn chair lifted by 100 helium balloons.
Fact: Randy once climbed to the top of the Washington Memorial.  I don't have a joke for that yet, but it is accurate.
Fact: Randy once dated a princess...... ant
Fact: Randy once dug to the center of the Earth. It's not as fun as you'd think. So he closed it up.
Fact: Randy once got kicked out a of a speed dating group for cheating by reading off the list of facts about him.
Fact: Randy once hosted an art exhibit of nothing but pictures of Xzibit.
Fact: Randy once killed 3 people and injured 14 others in a bar fight. When asked why he did it, he did say something, but no one heard it because he was too quiet
Fact: Randy once leg wrestled a shaolin monk and won with both legs tied behind his back.
Fact: Randy once licked a toad to see what would happen.  He threw up, it wasn't that kind of toad.
Fact: Randy once made a crude telephone with two tin cans and some string.  Normally this isn't much of an accomplishment, but he got pretty good cell reception.
Fact: Randy once made love to a tiger, to help keep them from going extinct.
Fact: Randy once opened up a coffee shop that specialized in having the cleanest bathrooms in town. He called it Starbuckets.
Fact: Randy once played Solitare with 4 other people.  They weren't sure what the hell was going on, but they're pretty sure he won.
Fact: Randy once produced a Harlem Shake video featuring himself and 100 of his clones. He murdered them all after the video was over, since there can be only one Randy.
Fact: Randy once rode a frog to work. He had to because his car got toad.
Fact: Randy once saved a baby from death when it was caught inside a burning automobile.  He did so by yawning at the idea of such a simple task.  The resulting inhalation from the yawn sucked all possible oxygen from the area extinguishing the fire immediately.  As for getting the baby out of the car... he doesn't give a shit about your baby.  You get him out of the car.
Fact: Randy once traded a frog for an emu. It may not sound like much, but it was to fuel his carbon life force consuming plasma arc drive. So if you really think about it, he's a shrewd negotiator.
Fact: Randy once traveled time with a pickle.  He didn't require the pickle for time travel.  He just thought he might get hungry.
Fact: Randy once unclogged a toilet with a pickle... He didn't need the pickle to unclog it he just thought he might get hungry later.
Fact: Randy once walked into the Krusty Krab, kicked someone into a bottomless pit, and shouted "NO!! THIS... IS... PATRICK!!!!"
Fact: Randy once went 4 and a half months without eating, but since he normally only consumes the souls of the weak, the world thanked him.
Fact: Randy once went through the Tiger on a Tiger with no Tiger. It felt good to get out of the Tiger.
Fact: Randy only bathes in shark-infested waters. Normal waters are not dangerous enough.
Fact: Randy only drinks water imported from Chernobyl. Tap water is not dangerous enough.
Fact: Randy owns a battle station that runs on copper. He is always on the look out for copper pennies that can be used to power his operations.
Fact: Randy owns a southern BBQ joint... Go ahead, google it.
Fact: Randypedia is never broken. Your brain just can't handle too many randyfacts at once.
Fact: Randypedia is too cool for slackbot.
Fact: Randy played soccer once.  He broke from the huddle skated through the defense and hit a homerun on his very first foul shot.
Fact: Randy posed nude for Playboy magazine in December of 2009.  It sold out in under an hour....  Yeah, I bought em all, but that's not the point.  The point is, they sold out.  It's the only time Randy has ever sold out.
Fact: Randy puts Salt and Pepper on his steak. But for more complex flavors, he adds the Spice Girls.
Fact: Randy rolls a d20 to check for Sir's day every week. If the die rolls a 1, he kills its whole family. Dice are way too scared to fail the check.
Fact: Randy sabotaged his own fact list.
Fact: Randy's breakfast of champions is a bowl full  of deathstars
Fact: Randy's brother Bobby is actually a version of Randy from an alternate timeline; the reason Randy hadn't seen Back to the Future until recently was that, as a time-traveler himself, he was disappointed at the scientific inaccuracy of it.
Fact: Randy's eyes work like a magic eye poster.  If you stare into them long enough you can see a family of otters wakeboarding on a lake made entirely of EZ Cheese.  Problem is, staring into his eyes for that length of time will permanently burn that image into your retinas.
Fact: Randy's favorite color is ultraviolet. Not the movie, though. He's never seen that.
Fact: Randy's favorite event at the company picnic is the sack race.  Last person to get back to their car and leave, is sacked by Randy.
Fact: Randy's favorite game is Old Maid. He picks a random woman and suddenly makes her 78 years old.
Fact: Randy's got 299 facts, and a sandwich ain't one. Well, I guess it is now. This is all so confusing.
Fact: Randy's got time for that.
Fact: Randy shot first.
Fact: Randy's initial design for the mullet was an omni-directional display of both party AND business, but he was the only one able to wield it. Many other peoples' heads exploded when attempting to rock it. It was later agreed upon to divide the party and business between the front and the back.
Fact: Randy's last words were "No Guarantees." He's still alive and will say something else, but that was the last thing he said.
Fact: Randy sleeps on a bed of nails.  Not for medicinal purposes like acupuncture or even use in magic tricks.  He just wants to have materials on hand should he get the sudden urge to build bunk beds.
Fact: Randy spell-checked this entry and it got his seal of approval. His name is Jenkins and he also performs continuous integration for us.
Fact: Randy's real name is Rand McNally. He produces maps to show all of the places he's conquered.
Fact: Randy's rock band (before Big Rand and the Fuzz) was Ran-dy M.C.
Fact: Randy's shoes have razor blades that separate his toes. Normal penny loafers are not dangerous enough.
Fact: Randy started a social club for mythical creatures such as himself. He meets with the loch ness monster, bigfoot, a unicorn, a leprechaun, and the chupacabra every other Tuesday to play magic.
Fact: Randys terminal velocity is higher than yours.
Fact: Randy's uniquely superior skeletal structure is being studied by a group of scientists. They've crowdsourced the high amount of processing power required to end user computers through an application, also called randyfact, that stores the results on the internet. So far randyfact has mapped his arms, legs, and skull. Soon we will have his randyfact back online!
Fact: Randy taught Eddie Van Halen how to play the guitar solo from Michael Jacksons "Beat It" on a recorder and a didgeridoo.
Fact: Randy teaches a class on "How to Dougie" every 3rd Tuesday of the month.
Fact: Randy! (This entry was supposed to say something else, but nothing else seemed quite as important)
Fact: Randy used to be a fighter pilot but he kept adding warp drives and taking the jets into space. They discharged him because he's left over $4 Billion in government air planes orbiting Saturn.
Fact: Randy used to be in a band... but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy used to ride a dragon to work every day, but the parking situation got out of hand, so now he drives a car
Fact: Randy used to wield a sword back in the day, but then he invented the light saber.  Randy thought this one particular rock would look cool with a sword in it though so he put it there.  It did look cool, like really cool, until some asshole stole the sword and made himself king or something.
Fact: Randy visited a wading pool and told it to go to the front of the line.
Fact:  Randy was in a band in Highschool called..... nevermind.   And that's how The hit Nirvana album got it's name.
Fact: Randy was the first person to circumnavigate the globe by swimming. He was pulling Magellan's ship behind him.
Fact: Randy was the first person to ever yell out "FREE BIRD" at a concert where Lynyrd Skynyrd was not playing.  Even Randy makes mistakes.
Fact: Randy was the one who lit Richard Pryor on fire.
Fact: Randy was the only person to ever scale mount Everest. He literally picked up the entire mountain and put it on a scale. Everyone else just climbs it.
Fact: Randy was the only person to ever SC ale mount Everest. He poured all of the moonshine in South Carolina on the mountain.
Fact: Randy was the only person to ever scale mount Everest.  Millions of reptiles lost their lives in the process.
Fact: Randy was the original keyboard player for the Talking Heads. He used a regular computer keyboard, but the sound of Randy writing code produces a pleasing melody that fits well in the 80's rock genre.
Fact: Randy was the other gunman on the grassy knoll
Fact: Randy was told to give in to the dark side. He knew that if he did the dark side was just gonna keep asking for money, so he punched it in the face and became a Jedi.
Fact: Randy went to a stake house and ordered a prime number, medium rare.
Fact: When randy peels onions, the onions cry.
Fact: Randy would not taste good with mayonnaise. Not even with extra lettuce.
Fact: R Kelly believes he can fly... but this is a false belief. Randy has not yet allowed him to fly.
Fact: Rule #34 was originally "If you can think of it, Randy already thought of it first."... But then the internet got a hold of it, and you know how that always turns out.
Fact: ... (Shhh!!! Randy is killing ninjas)
Fact: Shut up, Jay!
Fact: Someone once called him "Andy." Randy got so mad that he invented pirates.
Fact: Someone once yelled out "Free Bird" during a speech Randy was giving, mistaking his musical voice for a concert. Randy obliged... and totally nailed the solo.
Fact: Steve Miller could fly like an Eagle, but that's only because Randy hates Philadelphia sports teams and routinely throws players through the air.
Fact: Steve Urkel didn't do that... Randy did.
Fact: That wasn't glitter that Jay was cleaning up. Randy found a way to collect those little spots that you see when you rub your eyes and threw them into a pile.
Fact: The administrators responsible for sacking the interns that have botched Randy's achievements have also been sacked.
Fact: The dark is afraid of Randy.
Fact: The Egyptian pyramids were originally giant cubes. Randy saw them and punched them into the shape we see today.
Fact: The FBI's eleventh most wanted fugitive is Randy.
Fact: The FCC doesn't allow broadcasting between 3 khz and 9 khz because this is the band in which Randy's telepathy operates. Devices that use this range have been known to catch fire.
Fact: The first time Randy heard a bell tower ring it bothered his ears. He took out his light saber and cut that bell into 10 pieces then scattered them across the galaxy. This is why we measure sound in decibels.
Fact: The first time Randy scrolled up on his computer it was a magic spell that invented the internet.
Fact: The Force Awakens teaser trailer reacts to Randy.
Fact: The fox says "Randy."
Fact: The Great and Powerful Wizard of Oz is just a man behind a curtain, but Randy is the curtain. Think about it.
Fact: The great crusades didn't happen. They are just typos in Randy's biography. He used to work as an aid for Tom Cruise.
Fact: The internet was invented to store the vast wealth of randyfacts, but it keeps getting filled up with cat videos first.
Fact: The Konami code didn't exist until the first time Randy played Contra. He beat the game on the first try with so many lives left over that they invented the code to donate live to other players and prevent their offices from catching on fire.
Fact: The name Gmys used to have vowels. Then Randy appeared on Wheel of Fortune and bought them all.
Fact: The North Star uses Randy to navigate.
Fact: The "Randy's Donuts" shop as seen in the Iron Man films was previously named "Jim's Donuts", but he changed it because he lost a bet when Randy jumped a speeder bike through the hole in the giant donut on top of it.
Fact: There are over 3 trillion Randy Facts. Although it may look like there are a lot of them being added now... but in reality we'd totally have to step up our game to get them all.
Fact:  The reason people say "if I had a nickel for every time that happened" is because Randy used to have a nickel for every time it happened.  But he had way too many nickels.  I mean, that's a lot of nickels.  Since Randy doesn't use currency and instead pays for everything in angel feathers he just stopped collecting them.  People adopted the saying in hopes that Randy would give them the nickels.  He doesn't though, in hopes that the whole angel feathers thing catches on.
Fact: the reason pluto is no longer a planet is because Randy said so.
Fact: The reason the Earth spins is because Randy grew bored of spinning a basketball on his finger.
Fact: There is a lawsuit currently climbing the courts to get Best Buy to change their name to Pretty Good Buy. Everybody knows that paying Randy not to kill you is the Best Buy.
Fact: There is no such thing as coincidence. Randy has ordained it all.
Fact: There's a difference between Randy and a mallard with a cold. One's a sick duck, I can't remember the rest, but you're a total tool compared to Randy.
Fact: there's a little bit of randy in each of us. That's because Genghis Khan is a pseudonym for Randy.
Fact: there's a snake in Randy's boot.
Fact: There was a World War 3 back in 1971. Randy didn't like how it turned out, so he went back in time, prevented it, and then invented Risk to satisfy his appetite for war.
Fact: The Rolling Stones song Sympathy for the Devil was originally named "Sympathy for Randy", but they thought it would be a dead giveaway. The song is full of subtle hints to point you back to the real inspiration.
Fact: The seas HAVE run red with the blood of Randy's enemies.
Fact: The sun is mass of incandescent Randy, a gigantic nuclear furnace.
Fact: The Taos Hum, an unexplained low frequency noise heard in the town of Taos, New Mexico, is the result of Randy not knowing all the words.
Fact: The theme song to Dragonheart was written by one of Randy's clones. An intern completely misunderstood and credited it to "Randy Edelman."
Fact: The theme song to Toy Story was written by one of Randy's clones. An intern completely misunderstood and credited it to "Randy Newman."
Fact: The tides are not caused by the pull of the Moon like once believed. The ocean is actually trying to stay away from Randy. If he ever visits Florida, Cuba will be swept away in a massive tidal wave.
Fact: The very first slackbot response was about Randy eating a taco.
Fact: The Winchesters from Supernatural once held a séance to identify an unknown ghost but they accidentally channeled Randy. It permanently burned and scarred the of the medium and left her without a sense of smell. This is because Randy actually wears a Large.
Fact: The word "Random" was named after Randy because he so often reminds us that "there are no guarantees."
Fact: The world ended in December 2012. After floating through space for a while, Randy decided to put it back together by reversing the movement of all matter. Randy does not need to follow the laws of thermodynamics.
Fact: This is not the randyfact you are looking for
Fact: This non sequitur is surprisingly appropriate and fitting in this context.
Fact: Toad from Super Mario Bros. doesn't like Randy very much. We're not sure why.
Fact: Together, you and Randy could rule the galaxy. This is only because he already conquered it and is very good about sharing.
Fact: T-Rexes have short arms because they tried to high five randy and their arms fell off.
Fact: Unlike everyone else in the world, Randy would LOVE to go to Walmart.
Fact: Until working here, Randy had never eaten a taco.  This is because neither Mexico nor their cuisine existed until Randy willed them to exist after growing bored with pizza logs.  He then traveled time to write their entire history into existence.
Fact: Up until the late 90s, most national sports organizations required Randy to use performance-reducing drugs in an effort to level the playing field. They then respectfully requested that Randy no longer participate. Randy has since moved on to interstellar leagues and the aliens don't stand a chance either.
Fact: We are all Randy's padawans
Fact: What's the difference between Randy and a barrel full of pure awesome? The barrel.
Fact: When a tree falls in the woods and nobody is around to hear it, Randy weeps silently for the dead tree... but he knows that it will decompose so that other plants can grow and bring beauty to the forest and he has made peace with it.
Fact: When he entered the Matrix, Randy made the first jump.
Fact: When it comes to Morality, Randy doesn't have any gray areas. His moral brush paints in 24-bit, 16 million, true color.
Fact: When Randy eats chicken curry the chicken's parents get heartburn.
Fact: When Randy flaps his wings in China, an earthquake strikes Pittsburgh
Fact: When Randy has to do intensive string operations he uses Pearls. He'd use Perl, but programming on dry land isn't dangerous enough.
Fact: When Randy hears a high brow joke he dents that person's forehead to make sure their next joke is about farts or monster trucks.
Fact: When Randy listens to music, his parents ask him to turn it up.
Fact: When Randy pulls the drain plug after he takes a bath, it's been known to sink ships.  It has since come to be named the Bermuda Triangle
Fact: When Randy shows up at the table, the Casino is the one who's gambling.
Fact: When Randy was a baby there was a snake in his boot. He tied his favorite toy to its tail and tamed it, thus inventing the rattlesnake.
Fact: When Randy wins a leg in a competition, it's because he's ripped it off one of the competitors. The term "competitor" here is used loosely.
Fact: When the average person goes to get an MRI they are afraid the results will come back abnormal. When Randy gets one he's afraid they will come back normal.
Fact: Wikipedia is made up of nothing but randyfacts. They are just categorized into individual topics because calling each one a "randyfact" would be too broad.
Fact: WOTC is creating a new card called "Randy". It's a 4/4 unblockable for a mere 1 land.
Fact: Yes, Randy IS the reason "randy" is a word in the dictionary.
Fact: You can make it stronger, never as strong as Randy.
Fact: You can never submit too many randyfacts.
Fact: You do not have a friend in Randy.
Fact: You don't search randypedia for randyfacts. Randyfacts search for you!
Fact: Your mom is broke. But Randy thinks she's pretty cool anyway.
Fact: You've never heard the one about Randy walking into a bar, because bars get the fuck out of his way.
Fact: Glass is a slow moving liquid. It moves too fast for randy.
Fact: His writings are expected to be named "The Gospel of Randy".
Fact: If it exists, it has something to do with Randy.
Fact: In Soviet Russia, Randy does things exactly the same as he does them everywhere else.
Fact: In the beginning God created the heavens and the Earth.  The Earth was formless and empty, darkness was over the surface of the deep, and the Spirit of God was hovering over the waters.  And on the first day, God said "Let there be light" and there was light.  But before all that shit Randy said.  "Let there be God".
Fact: Long grained rice that make enemies say: "I'm on you like white on randy."
Fact: One time Randy peed to mark his territory.  We call it the ocean.
Fact: People only think Randy drives slow.  But in reality, he is pushing his car to the limits of its capability every time he drives, he simply alters the speed of the Earths rotation to compensate so as to not alarm his passengers.
Fact: Randy bit the head off of Ozzy Osbourne
Fact: Randy can pilot a helicopter underwater.
Fact: Randy can talk numbers like pi, e, and the square root of two into becoming rational.
Fact: Randy CAN touch this.
Fact: Randy can wizz on the electric fence.
Fact: Randy cooks a mean virgin-heart casserole.
Fact: Randy does NOT have to catch them all, but he does anyways.
Fact: Randy doesn't use the force, the force uses Randy
Fact: Randy facts don't always start with the word "Fact", but when they do, they're funnier.
Fact: Randy got turned down for a date to his High School Prom out of fear because she knew that his slow dance is 12 times the speed of light; but Randy didn't cry about it.  He caused Hurricane Katrina.
Fact: Randy has existed since the beginning of time in his current form.  He reproduces asexually to avoid aging.
Fact: Randy is the leading cause of death among star wars haters.
Fact: Randy knows that the last digit of Pi is a bunk bed.
Fact: Randy knows the last digit of Pi
Fact: Randy plays chess with Satan every other Wednesday; and sometimes, he even lets him win.
Fact: Randy put the water in the melon.
Fact: Randy's alter ego is Kevin Bacon.
Fact: Randy's brother Bobby is actually a version of Randy from an alternate timeline; the reason Randy hadn't seen Back to the Future until recently was that, as a time-traveler himself, he was disappointed at the scientific inaccuracy of it.
Fact: Randy started the Star Wars fact board back in the 50s. It later became an inspiration for George Lucas.
Fact: Randy uses the shroud of turin as a snuggie.
Fact: The ancient Greek belief that there is a nectar of the gods that grants immortality is a mistranslation. The original word "Ambrosia" is a conjunction of Amber, a type of wood, and Sia (somtimes spelled Zzia) meaning Pizza. Which is believed to sustain the seemingly immortal Randy.
Fact: The Aztecs once offered Randy a virgin-heart taco, but they were out of cheese, so he passed it up.
Fact: The Aztecs were known to sacrifice a virgin, consuming her heart to appease Randy on each and every blue moon
Fact: The FBI's eleventh most wanted fugitive is Randy. He's made it above there a few times, but he got sorted back down the list when they realized what they were up against.
Fact: The native americans that Christopher Columbus ran into in his first excursions to the Americas mistook him for their diety, Randy.
Fact: The wind cries Mary, but all other aspects of nature cry Randy.
Fact: Until jobbin here, Randy has never eaten a taco. Dis is because neither Mexico nor thesa cuisine exist until Randy ganna them to exist after grow bor with pizza logs. He then travel time to writa thesa entire history into existence.  Okey Day?
Fact: When God flooded the earth, Randy showed up late with 151 Pokémon.  Noah said they were already full. Randy got so mad he punched a unicorn off the side of the ark.
Fact: When Randy does push-ups, the earth... doesn't notice.
Fact: You can't read it, but every one of these trophies has "randy" inscribed on it.
Fact: Randy doesn't use sun screen. The sun gets Randy burns.
Fact: Randy rebuilt the 6 million dollar man 30 years before they had the technology.
Fact: Randy goes to the dollar store and spends 40 cents.
Fact: This is not the greatest randyfact in the world. No, this is just a tribute.
Fact: Randypedia temporary stopped accepting new randyfacts when its database went back to its rightful owner, Randy.  Although it was painful, Randy released it back into the wild so that it could find its own way in life again.
Fact: Randy once threw a party and invited over 100 girls.  When they showed up, one of them started playing Randy's CD's.  She played the macarena, and Randy did the macarena.  She played the twist, and Randy did the twist.  She played come on eileen... and promptly left the party.
Fact: Dragonforce is a band and a power that Randy wields.
Fact: Bizarro Randy is also a total badass.
Fact: Randy once made a violin out of penguins. He called it a pangolin.
Fact: Randy does not melt in the rain.
Fact: Randy melts in the fire of a thousand suns, not in your hand.
Fact: If you stop the world, Randy will not melt with you. He maintains a solid state in temperatures well in excess of 6,000 degrees Kelvin.
Fact: While Randy himself can sustain a solid state despite ridiculous temperatures, his heart melts for a basket-full of kittens.
Fact: Randy's been searching for a heart of gold, and he's found several... and ripped them, still beating, from the chests of anyone who has one with his bare hand.
Fact: Randy has bear hands.
Fact: Randy owns a meth lab just outside San Bernadino.  He doesn't make meth there though.  He just does experiments on people who do a lot of meth.  He then sells the trinkets that they make on his etsy shop.
Fact: Randy once filled the local swimming pool with 14,000 packets of grape jello to see what would happen.  In the morning he flew Bill Cosby to the hospital via life flight.
Fact: Randy has never, and will never jump a shark.
Fact: Randy may however jump an Opee sea killer.
Fact: Mathematically you cannot divide by zero, find the square root of a negative, or derive the wave form of Randy.
Fact: Whatever it is, Randy wills it.
Fact: Reading this randyfact was your destiny! Randy has foreseen it.
Fact: Randy can never be emperor. There is no title great enough to describe his authority.
Fact: Randy is always the guy who delivers the suspenseful line in a potentially dangerous situation.  "Hey guys it's kinda quiet in here today" Randy: "yeah..... too quiet"
Fact: In the hands of the right people, bunk beds are actually magical portals that cross vast expanses of space/time. Randy's leads to Walmart.
Fact: Randy can freeze popsicles in the oven.
Fact: Oven mitts use randy for protection when reaching for extremely hot pans.
Fact: Randy has 8 confirmed kills in Afghanistan with a hula hoop.
Fact: It's impossible to capitalize "randy." I mean, he is worth a lot of money, but nobody has enough money to buy him.
Fact: Salesman used to sell volumes of Randypedia door to door. It was a tough job because doors are inanimate objects and don't buy encyclopedias.
Fact: Salesman used to sell volumes of Randypedia door to door. It was a tough job because Jim Morrison couldn't read Aurebesh .
Fact: Curiosity never killed anything.  Randy hates cats and needed an alibi
Fact: Randy was once prosecuted for a hit-and-run in which he was the pedestrian due to the extensive damage to the vehicle that struck him. When they met him in court, however, all charges were dropped on account of it being Randy.
Fact: Salesman used to sell volumes of Randypedia door to door. It was a tough job because the books for letters A through D weigh over a ton.
Fact: Randy was surfing the net one day and had an awesome idea.  So he invented it.  It was the internet.
Fact: Salesman used to sell volumes of Randypedia door to door. It was a tough job because at a young age every child was forced to memorize the great achievements of our glorious leader, Randy.
Fact: We do not refer to Randy as "Dear Leader" because Randy has no control over deer. Only spiders.
Fact: The phrase "let's table this for now" was coined to describe ideas so boring that if Randy were at the meeting he'd flip a table.
Fact: Everyday, Randypedia is shufflin'.
Fact: Randy has never had a brain fart.  He had a brain shart once tho.
Fact: Randy doesn't share a birthday with his twin brother. Yes, they both were born on the same day, but Randy doesn't share.
Fact: Randy once tried to sell his soul to Satan, but he's a tad dyslexic at times, imagine my surprise when I got a soul in my stocking for Christmas.
Fact: Randy once had a job stocking at a warehouse. He didn't entirely understand his job description and most of the other workers filed restraining orders.
Fact: Randy doesn't use phrases like "expecting" or "with child." According to Randy anyone having a baby has echidna oven.
Fact: Carnegie is actually pronounced "Randy." He just doesn't let it bother him anymore.
Fact: Randy never draws pictures on paper. He takes giant crayons and draws shapes in fields. This sparked a conspiracy theory that the crop circles were drawn by aliens.
Fact: Randyfacts are never too soon. They arrive right on time.
Fact: Randy doesn't participate in shenanigans. He's way too manly for that. What Randy participates in are called henanigans.
Fact: The TV show MacGyver is based on Randy.  Before that show people didn't "MacGyver" something together to fix a solution.  They Randified something.  The shows producers were inspired when 2 Dogs were found to be swimming in the middle of the New York Harbor barely holding on to life.  Randy quickly Randified a rescue craft from a Spare tire, a Monopoly Board, and his belt using nothing but his Swiss Army knife and some Duct tape.  As he was rowing out to rescue the pups he started humming a crude version of what would eventually become the MacGyver theme.  Richard Dean Anderson denies this event ever took place.
Fact: The Law &amp; Order theme is the sound that Randy makes when he stares disapprovingly at a criminal.
Fact: There is a comment in K2's code that reads "Fuck Randy."
Fact: You can't tell Randy to "think fast." He already thinks way too fast. You have to tell him to think slow.
Fact: Randy can speak in 12 languages.  But English is the only one humans use that he knows.
Fact: Movies made about Randy don't have any plot holes. They are bullet holes. Writing about Randy involves dodging bullets.
Fact: Randy doesn't like turtles.
Fact: On Earth Day Randy partakes in the mass murder of a random Logging company.  He says it's to help protect the trees.  I think it's just an excuse.
Fact: Randy also celebrates Water, Air, and Fire day.
Fact: Randy does NOT celebrate Heart day, because he doesn't give a shit about what animals have to say.
Fact: Randy doesn't participate in bring your child to work day, because, due to his lascivious behavior in the space-time continuum,  we are all his children eventually.
Fact: One of Randy's twin's names is Mandy.
Fact: Barry Manilow's hit was actually for Randy, but his producers didn't think it had enough mass-appeal being sung to another guy. The resulting record sales were actually MUCH lower than what had been expected for the original material, however.
Fact: When Randy travels by plane, it's common for the arriving airport to spell out "HI RANDY!" with their runway lights, which he's able to see because they usually ask him to fly the plane.
Fact: Randy doesn't need a plane to fly, but it's really tiring flapping his arms that much
Fact: Randy has a ranch house... it's delicious.
Fact: Randy can convert software into Mt. Dew.
Fact: Randy doesn't eavesdrop. He already knew what you were going to say anyway.
Fact: Randy is causing global warming.  He's got a passion for real estate, and is slowly making sure his house becomes beach front property.
Fact: Randy doesn't need sunglasses.  He can create clouds to shield his eyes,
Fact: When Randy puts headphones into his pocket they get untangled.
Fact: Randy used to be a sword swallower; but he never took lessons on how to do it.  He didn't realize you were supposed to take the sword back out.  For 3 months he lived off of nothing but cutlery.  Then he clogged his toilet with a machete.  He doesn't practice sword swallowing anymore.
Fact: Randy used to be a fire breather, but he never took lessons on how to do it properly.  For 3 months he breathed nothing but fire.  Then he clogged his toilet with a molitov cocktail.  He doesn't breathe fire anymore.
Fact: A Randy's dozen is 17.
Fact: If Eric had a turtle, it would be a ninja and Randy would kill it.
Fact: Randy loves killing ants with a magnifying glass.  But unlike most people he does it at night.... and just smashes them with it.
Fact: Randy is an expert tracker.  One time he tracked an omelette back to the hen that laid the eggs because he wanted a chicken sandwich for lunch.
Fact: Randy can fix the tracking on a dvd.
Fact: Randy's signature is on the Declaration of Independence. He wasn't actually involved for the official signing, but he happened to be in town, and they needed something quick to get his autograph.
Fact: Randy doesn't do "lazy".
Fact: If Randy were ever to do lazy... he would do the fuck out of it.
Fact: Randy does the fuck out of everything in life. Yes, everything.
Fact: Randy can do a version of the magic bullet trick.  He's able to both fire the gun and catch the bullet.  Randy has never lost at Russian Roulette.
Fact: You don't even have to be physically around to enter a randyfact. They have a sort of wifi connection to randypedia.
Fact: Randy is the ferryman to the fish underworld. Only, when fish arrive there, instead of taking a boat across a lake, they hop into Randy's car and he drives them down the reception area. They're always happy to ride in his car because, despite all the soggy passengers, he still keeps it really clean.
Fact: Nobody walks over to Eric's desk to see the Cameron. They are there to be next to Randy. The fish is just extra.
Fact: Randy won't read the Sherlock Holmes books. He already knows what's going to happen so there's no point. The whole Mystery genre is lost on the omniscient.
Fact: Randy controls the highest market share in CMS, desktop Operating Systems, and bath slipper production. He just told researchers to stop reporting so that the little guys have a chance.
Fact: Randy invented the vacuum cleaner back in the middle ages. He couldn't popularize the invention because the medieval Europeans wouldn't adopt 120V power. Eventually he gave up on Europe and released his invention in the united states centuries later.
Fact: All light bulbs in Randy's house are 1.21 jiggawatts.
Fact: Randy is the fastest animal on the planet. As a sentient superhuman, he isn't really an animal, but all of the animals insist he be included.
Fact: Randy didn't used to get enough calcium in his diet. So he invented alkaline metals.
Fact: A lot of people have personal force field generators that can block bullets, but Randy has a force field eating dinosaur. The whole debacle was so violent the UN outlawed force fields.
Fact: Randy once had an actual size Millennium Falcon shaped birthday cake.  He ate the whole thing by himself before realizing it wasn't cake.
Fact: Randy had a brief stint as a first baseman for the Braves. At the end of the season they named him Wookie of the year. Not because he played baseball well. It was because he ripped off the umpire's arms and beat him to death with them after making a bad call.
Fact: Wet paint watches out for Randy.
Fact: When grass is bored it watches Randy grow.
Fact: When Randy has nightmares he doesn't see Freddy Kruger, he sees Freddy got fingered.
Fact: The 6.1 magnitude Earthquake that hit Queen Charlotte, British Columbia was caused by Randy falling out of his bunk bed. This was falling from the bottom bunk. It's theorized that if he falls from the top bunk the core of the earth will rupture.
Fact: Randy is the best at everything ever.  A distant second best is an entire family of people trying to keep up with him; and everyone else just tries to keep up with the Joneses.
Fact: Randy hates Charlies' fucking ringtone too.
Fact: Randy once held his breath for 2 minutes and 34 seconds. This isn't a particularly impressive record but the pregnant elephant was really thankful that he saved her baby.
Fact: Randy bit Charlie's finger.
Fact: Randy invented Wilford Brimley because he was bored.
Fact: Randy was going through his surfer phase when he discovered root vegetables. He thought carrots were pretty boss, and water chestnuts were totally tubular, but the small red ones were just a little radish.
Fact: Randy suppresses the adoption of the Metric system in the united states because he secretly has 12 toes and it's much easier for him to count that way.
Fact: Randy IS the hydro adventures kid.
Fact: Randy has never eaten meatloaf, and meatloaf is thankful to be alive everyday.
Fact: When Randy eats jawbreakers he prefers to crack them open on his chest like a sea otter before eating them.
Fact: The platypus is the perfect animal in Randy's mind, but one day he decided that no one animal should have that much power. So he created ducks and beavers as well.
Fact: Egyptians walk like Randy.
Fact:  Randy can spin a web.  There's no reason he ever would, other than the fact that when spiders walk through it, it's like the grossest feeling in the world to them.  It's Randy's form of payback.
Fact: Angels put a figurine of Randy on the top of their Christmas trees.
Fact: Randy can read at the speed of light. Time slows down as does this. He once stopped time while reading the dictionary.
Fact: Randy invented Halloween when he had too much candy left over from Easter and wanted to give it to someone.
Fact: There were no cats in America, but Randy just really hates Russian mice.
Fact: Many people think Randy can walk on water.  He can, but he can only do the moonwalk.
Fact: "Two men walk into a bar" is a great way to start a joke but "Randy walked into a bar" is a terrible way to start one. When Randy walks in, everyone stops laughing.
Fact:  Randy once played a crude version of Pac-Man with 4 homeless people as the "Ghosts" in a hedge maze littered with pizza logs.  Everyone was doing great until he ate the big dot and had to canibalize the 4 homeless people.
Fact: All movies about sharks are actually a metaphor for Randy's never ending appetite for adventure, and pizza logs.
Fact: There is more than one way to skin a cat, but there is absolutely no way to skin Randy.
Fact: There is more than one way to skin a cat, Randy has tried them all.
Fact: There is more than one way to skin a cat. Cats now run away from Randy for some reason.
Fact: Randy skinned MC Scat Cat because fuck Paula Abdul.
Fact: There is more than one way to skin a cat, Randy tried it with an open source theme-ing plugin and photo shop, but it's just not the same.
Fact: Randy blew up the space shuttle Challenger by pointing at it and saying "Bang!"
Fact: Pete doesn't mind when Randy chews with his mouth open because cannibalism only sounds funny when Randy does it.
Fact: If Randy says "I am your father", it will be so
Fact: if you take 14 pizza logs and lay them end to end.  With enough voltage you will have an explosion that splatters a perfect silhouette of Randy upon any nearby surfaces.
Fact: Randyfact, randyfact, randyfact, randyfact, randyfact, randyfact, randyfact, randyfact, randyfact. See, no matter how many times you say it, it's still more awesome than you are.
Fact: Randy logs all of his pizza log consumption in his pizza log logs. He logs all of his Sir pizza consumption in his pizza logs. When he runs out of Sir pizza and pizza logs, he eats his pizza logs, because he needs to know how many pizza logs he's consumed, and he doesn't mind the taste of paper.
Fact: There used to be a Travispedia but all of the entries were about him entering Randyfacts.
Fact: Randy told a fish to "heel" and it grew legs.
Fact: Randy told a dead dog to "heel" and it came back to life.
Fact: Randy told his cleric on WOW to "heel" and it got one shot-ed by a boss.
Fact: Randy told his dog Fido to "heel" and it put up a tent and threw an old fashioned Pentecostal revival.
Fact: Randy told Achilles to "heel" and Achilles dropped over dead.
Fact: Randy told Scrabble to "he'll" and it changed the rules to allow contractions.
Fact: Randy told a robot to "feel" and it started crying.
Fact: Randy told I don't know who to "steal" and they scored a run.
Fact: Randy told the Bloods to "congeal" and they became the Scabs.
Fact: Randy understands all inside jokes... from outside.
Fact: Randy told some kinda new band that you probably haven't heard of to "appeal" and they lost all their hipster cred.
Fact: Randy can rhyme "orange" to anything
Fact: When you're talking to Randy, you're also talking to Eric by default.
Fact: When you're talking to Randy, you're also talking to Eric about going into default on a housing loan.
Fact: When you're talking to Randy, you're also talking to Eric by the San Andreas fault.
Fact: When you're talking to Randy, you're also talking to Eric about some people claiming that there's a woman to blame, but you know... it's your own damn fault.
Fact: Randy the Carpathian.  Born 1505, died 1610... He didn't die of old age, either.  He was poisoned, stabbed, shot, hung, stretched, disembowled, drawn and quartered.  Not exactly a man of the people.  Also known as Randy the Cruel, Randy the Torturer, Randy the Despised, and Randy the Unholy.  And dig this, there was a prophecy.  Just before his head died, his last words were "Death is but a door.  Time is but a window.  I'll be back."  Fact: Don't piss off Randy.
Fact: The US military rank naming conventions are based on the Star Wars universe, at the behest of Randy.
Fact: This isnt even Randy's final form! Wait until you see his TRUE power!
Fact: Randy's first rock ballad was a song titled "The Rock that Cradles." It was #1 in 6 countries, but all of them were still members of the Soviet Union and they were just listening to it because they thought it contained military secrets.
Fact: While working on his initial designs for a compass, Randy created Brass Nipples. Like his initial design for the mullet, they weren't usable by the general public. The design was later adapted to fit on knuckles, but was virtually useless for navigation.
Fact: Randy can never be invisible. Believing is seeing and everyone believes in Randy!
Fact: It is healthier for a sugar cookie to be eaten by Randy than for Randy to be eaten by a pizza log.
Fact: Randy used to tap his fingers on the desk nervously before he got the idea to invent the telegraph. He stopped tapping his fingers because he was too busy getting infections and eating fungus and jumping off cliffs while holding a bed sheet.
Fact: Randy can swallow his own fist.  This is useful for when he gets sick and has to punch some amoeba or some shit.
Fact: Randy developed the drugs speed and cocaine.  This was his attempt to get people to be able to keep up with him.
Fact: Desperate for incredible ideas, Dos Equis was caught red-handed stealing from Randy's personal journal of his own exploits for their commercials.
Fact: The devil foreclosed on Randy's soul because he just wasn't making the payments and Randy repossessed it.
Fact: Randy once put his clothes on backwards to see if people would know if he was walking towards them or away from them.  They didn't.  We also don't know why Kriss Kross thought they could pull it off too.
Fact: Randy has stated that he will never take a female out to a fast food restaurant. But, yknow... no guarantees.
Fact: Randy once dated an acceleraptor, since velociraptors just weren't his speed.
Fact: Randy had been protecting the planet from radiation for a long time, but decided to leave us to our own devices in December of 1895. Soon after, Marie Curie discovered it.
Fact: Like Chuck Norris, Randy's tears also cure cancer. Unlike Chuck though, Randy watches the Notebook at least once a year for charity.
Fact: Randy once killed a cyclops by massaging him gently until he relaxed, then he cut off his head, put it on his head, ran around a while, put his head back on and then danced.
Fact: Randy participated in multiple wars that could be considered "star wars." He ended the most recent one by forcing the Screen Actors Guild and production companies to sign a peace treaty. The news of the treaty arrived just in time to stop Matt Damon from stabbing Ben Affleck in the heart.
Fact: Saving Ben Affleck's life if Randy's biggest regret.
Fact: Pizza logs aren't filled with cheese and sauce. They are filled with the souls of those that Randy has conquered
Fact: Randy is actually weightless.  He can parasail with a dorito and some yarn.
Fact: Randy is exactly where he needs to be right now.
Fact: It is Randy's fault that the world has lost its mind.
Fact: Doctors practice medicine. Randy mastered it.
Fact: Life imitates art. Art imitates Randy. Randy is the meaning of life.
Fact: The Ultimate Question to life, the universe, and everything is: "How many randyfacts is Randypedia currently storing?"
Fact: David Hasselhoff was not considered for a role on Baywatch at first. They offered it to Randy, several times, but he kept turning it down due to scheduling conflicts. Saving the galaxy doesn't leave time for other projects.
Fact: Ydnar is the Norse afterlife where all Randys go when they die. Whoever created it is an idiot, because there's only one Randy, and he never dies.
Fact: Randy has traveled by flying umbrella before. He doesn't worry about being struck by lightning, though.
Fact: Randy does not get struck by lightning. Lightning is struck by Randy's good looks.
Fact: If Randy asks you a question, it is THAT important. Even if it's "Do you like Dragons?"
Fact: Randy once took a job as a video game beta tester. He was fired because he never actually found any bugs for the team to fix. Truth was, all the bugs fixed themselves just by nature of him playing the game.
Fact: The original line to the song Mrs. Robinson was "Where have you gone Randy Jacicic" but Randy never left. Simon changed it to a random baseball player to be more accurate.
Fact: Randy once successfully mated two rocks.  They had a pile of dirt and named it Earth.
Fact: Randy teaches "New Trick" classes in the evenings for elderly dogs.
Fact: Randy *can* even.
Fact: Randy is the master of betta fish. They fight because they observe the violent life that is forced upon heroes of such power, but Randy wants to teach them peace.
Fact: When they took a picture of Randy under the question mark it turned into an exclamation point.
Fact: Randy never fails. You just need to adjust your expectations.
Fact: Randy throws rocks in a glass house. Then he adds fish and calls it a fish tank.
Fact: Randy has nothing to apologize for.
Fact: Randy once ate a bowl of Cheerios.  They can't all be zingers folks.
Fact: Randy once at a box of Zingers. They can all be zingers, folks?
Fact: Randy has the strength of 23 men and can lift a bus full of nuns... but he'll never lift family members. He doesn't even lift bro.
Fact: Randy doesn't have fits, and no fit is lucky enough to have Randy.
Fact:  Randy loves to picnic.  He has picnicked all over the world and got bored with the scenery, so he started to picnic in more exotic locations.  There is a 1 in 5 chance Randy has eaten a ham sandwich inside your skull.
Fact: There are only 2 known sharks that Randy hasn't punched; one is a pool shark, and the other is a game shark cartridge.
Fact: Randyfacts are not born. They are molded in a crucible of fire and shaped with Mjölnir, the hammer of Thor.
Fact: There are only 2 known sharks in the ocean that Randy hasn't punched. The ones that were punched went flying out of the ocean, through the air, and landed in a forest leading to great confusion by the park rangers.
Fact: Randy is the reason there are holes in your swiss cheese.  Randy thinks certain parts of this cheese taste better than others and claims them for himself.  Randy once tripped and dropped his backpack filled with cheese holes.  A nearby family ran over and ate some and was instantly happy.  This is why people now say cheese before taking a picture.
Fact: Randy named all the planets except for Uranus.  Some asshole named that one.
Fact: Randy has a strange propensity for balancing halves of couches.
Fact: Randy plays with big decks.
Fact: He said DECKS people.
Fact: Randy can win at magic with half a deck... of uno cards.
Fact: Randy is no longer allowed to play Texas Hold'em. The entire state of Texas is tired of being picked up.
Fact: Randy can beat you with any video game ever.  He may not get the high score.  But you will be beaten severely with the game.
Fact: Randy once destroyed the universe by putting Texas inside of itself, causing it to expand exponentially and collapse it and the rest of the universe in on itself.
Fact: Randy's name is not Jay.
Fact: The command "randyfact" cannot be capitalized. It is a non profit publication.
Fact: Some bandits once mannapped Randy.  He let them do it, he wanted to see if he could whistle the theme from the Simpsons with duct tape over his mouth.  He couldn't but he practiced.  He still can't, but at least we learned that you can't kidnap Randy cause he's too manly.
Fact: Randy has an alter-ego where he spreads his wealth and ideas for human enrichment to all of mankind. This alter-ego is known as Elon Musk.
Fact: Long time ago, Randy used to have a real big truck.  We're talking huge.  And he used to drag race with a bunch of his friends in their trucks.  Eventually, these trucks got to be obscenely large, they nicknamed them Randy trucks.  Well, Randy decided it "wasn't dangerous enough"  so he added in some jumps and a few parked cars to the equation.  His friends were too scared to race!  So he summoned Cthulu to drive the other truck.  That's why we call them monster trucks today.
Fact: Randy invented Drag races. In an unrelated fact, Randy will kill you if you point out that he's carrying a purse.
Fact: If you wear a kilt, Randy will call it a dress.  If you argue with him, you'll get yourself kilt.
Fact: Randy doesn't have a big attention span, but he does have a giant attention spanner. If you don't read the entire star wars fact, he'll just beat you with it.
Fact: Randy has mad old school rap skills.  He writes down his rhymes on this pad of paper over here.  He doesn't know it, but every once in a while I sneak a peak.  His latest one is dope.  It's like.  “I'm typin, I'm tappin, I'm makin shit happen.  I'm rappin, I'm slackin, I got a thing for dragons.  And yo I just wanna say, SHUT UP JAY!  word to your mother."
Fact: Randy is the reason Vanilla Ice glows in the dark.
Fact: There is no chemical reaction from putting Mentos into Diet Coke. Randy just gets mad that you stole his mints and makes the drink erupt with his mind.
Fact: Ever get that feeling someone is following you? You're right, it's Randy. He's always following you. Even if he isn't physically there, he's still following you.
Fact:  Coca Cola used to be a random soft drink in a colorful can.  It was like the mystery flavor dum dum lolli pop.  It was a different every time and you never knew what you were going to get.  Until Randy decided on a flavor he liked best and threatened a few people.  Now it's  Always Coca Cola.
Fact: Randy is tired of your shit. Yeah, that means you. :point_right:
Fact: When Randy is following you on Twitter... you run.
Fact:  Randy can turn himself inside out.  When he does, people call him Justin Bieber.  Randy is your worst nightmare.
Fact: When Meatloaf sang "I'll do anything for love but I won't do that" the "that" he was referring to was "cross Randy"
Fact: Randy practices for Russian roulette
Fact: On Wednesday March 18, 1925 Randy had trouble getting his nintendo working, and man did he want to play duck hunt.  He found out in the morning that he killed 695 people in what came to be known as The Great Tri-State Tornado.
Fact: Randy has beat Pacman
Fact: Randy has beat level 256 of Pacman
Fact: Randy wrote a song, but he can't read music so he doesn't know what it is.  Every once in a while he'll be listening to the radio and say, "I think I might have written that."
Fact: Some say Rock is dead, but Rock is neither dead nor alive. Randy slayed Rock long ago with a single supremely righteous solo. He later raised it as undead to serve him however he saw fit.
Fact: May the 4th was originally celebrated as a holiday for Randy's birthday.  Star Wars fans were allowed to claim it because every day now celebrates Randy, and he approves of Star Wars.
Fact: During his role in founding the Catholic Church, Randy ensured that the sign of peace during mass closely resembled historical aspects of the sentiment "may the force be with you" from the Star Wars era.
Fact: What came first?  The chicken or the egg?  Randy is one of two people to ever exist that actually knows the answer to this question.  The other was Colonel Sanders, and only because Randy told him.
Fact: Randy can lick his elbow
Fact: Water can walk on Randy.
Fact: Randy knows a guy who can lick his elbow
Fact: Randy knows a girl who can lick her elbow
Fact: Randy knows a guy that likes to lick Randy's elbow.  He doesn't like that guy.
Fact: Randy does NOT know a dog that can lick its elbow.
Fact: Until now, dogs didn't have elbows.  They had knees.
Fact: When a word is invented, it remains unspoken until Randy reads it aloud. How he pronounces it then determines its true pronunciation until the end of time. Or until Randy decides to change it.
Fact: Randy is the reason bologna and colonel are spelled the way they are.
Fact: Randy has a pair of head phones.  No really.  He has two phones that only connect to each other so he and Bobby can communicate.  And they are made from human heads.
Fact: Randy is responsible for all language. He, however, is not responsible for "Pittsburghese"
Fact: The Irish Potato Famine was not caused by Irish Potato Blight. Randy just got a wicked case of the munchies and wanted some fries.
Fact: Wolves were raised by Randy.  He's got a soft spot for Sarah McLachlin.
Fact: Randy once ran for president.  It was one of the many 5K's he ran that year.
Fact: Randy can talk to animals, but they don't understand a friggin' thing he's saying.  I guess everyone can technically do this, but Randy is one of the few that actually does.
Fact: Cartoons usually only have 4 fingers.  Randy loves giving cartoons the finger cause they can't do it back.
Fact: Only Randy and Spongebob can have campfires underwater.
Fact: Adele may set fire to the rain, but Randy can set rain to the fire.
Fact: Only Randy understands the Adele fact.
Fact: Randy has a hilarious story about a horse he saw one time.  No really, it is the most hilarious thing ever, just not when I tell it.
Fact: Randy is the only known human to have successfully attempted open heart surgery on himself.
Fact: There is a popular saying that goes "You can't turn shit into gold"  Well, you can't but Randy once ate a bunch of gold and the result was close enough.
Fact: Randy's experiments have gotten him into a lot of hot water.  He does most of his experimenting in a hot tub.
Fact: Most parents will tell you how much their children weigh.  Randy doesn't care how much your stupid ugly baby weighs.  He wants to know all the other dimensions of the baby.  How much volume does he displace?  He has a bunch of graduated cylinders at his house and wants to know how far he can dip the baby before he ruins the carpet.  3.2 cubic liters is about average.
Fact: Randy knows how many licks it takes to get to the center of a tootsie roll pop.
Fact: Randy once had an egg roll.  He invited the neighborhood over to roll eggs down a hill.  No one knew why they were doing it, it was dumb.  I mean, who does that?
Fact: Randy once won Nathans Hot Dog Eating Contest.  He won the contest by eating just one Hot Dog.  It took him the whole 10 minutes to do it too.  It was later found out that he cheated by replacing the other contestants water with ipecac.  Randy has since been banned from competitive eating.
Fact: Randy doesn't understand the Washington Monument.  It looks nothing like the guy.
Fact: Randy has thrown a rock in a glass house. He built a glass house, dragged Dwayne Johnson by his hair, and threw him through a wall. That's why he didn't star in the second Tooth Fairy movie.
Fact: Drift wood doesn't float with the current. It floats away from Randy.
Fact: Randy likes to stand up stream.
Fact: Randy can eat lightning and crap thunder.  He doesn't do this often, as there's really no nutritional value to lightning. and he doesn't like having people for hundreds of miles hear him shit.
Fact: Randy has literally caught lightning in a bottle. That's where the phrase came from.
Fact: After seeing lightning it takes a few seconds to hear thunder. Another randyfact will explain why.
Fact: Randy has stood on the shoulders of giants and stolen their golden goose.
Fact: You don't want to steal Randy's thunder.
Fact: The restaurant Kings was created because everyone aspires to be like Randy, but there can only be one King Randy.
Fact: Randy's version of Jack and the Beanstock is the only correct version.
Fact: For Randy, all rice is minute rice, because it only takes him a minute to decide he doesn't want to eat rice.
Fact: It's called a club sandwich, not because there is a club anyone can belong to, but because if you order one, there is a chance Randy will pop out, bludgeon you to death with a club and steal your sandwich.  He really likes turkey and bacon... and bludgeoning people with clubs.
Fact: Yes that is a lightsaber in his pocket, and yes, he is happy to see you.
Fact: R Kelly believes he can fly.  This is because Randy hates his music and is hoping he jumps off a cliff to give it a try.  So far no luck, but Randy has patience.  And a club sandwich.
Fact: Randy has a vertical leap of 12 pounds.
Fact: Randy knows all "Randy Facts" and is disgusted at our inaccuracies, but refuses to correct us because the real facts would literally blow our minds
Fact: Many people believe that the measurement of force called a "newton" is named after Sir Isaac Newton, but Randy just thought that the current ton weighed too much. He invented a new ton and applied it to measuring his favorite thing, force.
Fact: Randy is not allowed within 100 yards of a school zone due to his destructive power. There's no way to make this fact not sound worse than it really is.
Fact: Randy is short for victory.
Fact: Randy rules over the Earth with impunity. He uses imps as henchmen and they rallied for organized labor centuries ago.
Fact: Nothing is fair enough for Randy, but he makes due.
Fact: Randy actually has 2 sets of eye lids. He keeps them in a jar in his fridge.
Fact: Randy keeps an elephant in his fridge just in case
Fact: There is no tourist season at beach side resorts. There's just a time when Randy comes to visit and everyone flocks there just to get a glimpse.
Fact: Randy is less of a person, and more of an idea... and, yes. Ideas CAN kill.
Fact: The hair style known as a "perm" used to be permanent. Randy didn't like the hair style so he made them mortal.
Fact: If looks can kill, you're looking at Randy and you have 3 seconds to live.
Fact: Randy was forged in the great bowels of the Earth, but the Earth had indigestion so it coughed him out of a volcano. A famous Roman town was lost in the event, you might have heard of it.
Fact: All of these randyfacts are available online. Just Google it.
Fact: The author of the books Atlas Shrugged and For the New Intellectual wanted to name herself "I am Randy," but it lead to a copyright dispute. The two parties settled out of court.
Fact: Randy used to be a lawyer specializing in contract law. His parties of the first part were amazing. Everyone attended.
Fact: If you are troubled and Randy asks you "Are you alright," the words will create a magic power that will cure your problems. Randy doesn't know about this power and can't figure out why everyone always responds "peachy."
Fact: The state used to be spelled Our Kansas.  After some people left Kansas when it was claimed by Randy.  When Randy found out about this they were like oh no dude, it's totally Arkansas, and please don't kill us.
Fact: Randy can leap tall buildings regardless of how many bounds they may have.
Fact: Randy once ate Meatloaf.  The song Bat Out of Hell is about Meatloafs journey through Randy's digestive tract in an effort to escape through the other end by first light the next day.  Read the lyrics people.
Fact: M&amp;Ms melt in Randy's mouth, not in his hand.  This is true of many other things as well.  Solid steel for example...
Fact: Whatever Meatloaf won't do, Randy most definitely will!
Fact: You can take away Randy's stapler, but you can't take away his FREEDOM!!!!!!!!
Fact: Randy never wanders too far from home. When he's traveling he just finds one that he likes and takes it!
Fact: Randy never really understood the game Portal. When the game started he just punched through the wall, stole the cake, and left.
Fact: It's not that Randy can't hear you. He's just talking to Jim Morrison right now.
Fact: Randy can still hear you, because he's Randy.
Fact: Randyfacts are not to be confused with a randyfax. A randyfax is a 3d representation of Randy that is sent via wifi directly to 3d printers. The printer spends hours created a full sized, detailed replica but Randy always shows up to smash it before it finishes. The power to print your own Randy should not be wielded by man.
Fact: Randy won the Highlander "Prize" while there was still two of him. He refused to share it with Bobby.
Fact: Randy will take the high road, and he'll STILL be in Scotland afore you.
Fact: Randy was once tried as a witch for playing Magic: The Gathering. He was found guilty, but everyone was too afraid of him to actually do anything about it, so they just asked him for tips on how they could improve their own decks.
Fact: Randy can pull a hat out of a rabbit.
Fact: Randy could make the two fish stop fighting, but he really likes Barracuda by Heart.
Fact: Years ago Randy tracked an exogorth to planet Earth. It was underneath the parking lot of a building that would one day become OpenArc. Knowing the danger, Randy removed the exogorth and banished it back in time to a meteor somewhere in a galaxy far far away. What was left was a sink hole that would eventually threaten the employee's cars, but the fate of OpenArc would be much worse if the giant worm was left there to feed.
Fact: Randy knows Barracuda by heart, therefore he knows Barracuda by Heart.
Fact: Randy can pull a hat out of a rabbit. You don't wanna know from where.
Fact: Randy knows that Caleb has never read the employee handbook.  OpenArc is not a correct way to type the company name.
Fact: Randypedia is a direct line into Randy's consciousness. If you're hearing this now Randy, please don't kill me.
Fact: Randy once piloted a Boeing 777.  He didn't know how to fly it though and no one really knows what happened to flight 370.  He doesn't like to talk about it.  Also fact, Randy can swim a long way.
Fact: We should get a tire swing in here.  Randy planted this idea in my mind from outside.   I personally think it's a terrible idea, but don't tell Randy that.
Fact: The hypnotoad praises Randy.
Fact: There are lots of movies and shows that Randy hasn't seen.  He doesn't need to see them, he lived them.  And they do the actual story no justice.
Fact: STOP!  shhh *listen* you hear that?  Of course you didn't, and no one will hear you scream either.
Fact: There's a lady who's sure all that glitters is gold, and she's buying a stairway to heaven.  Randy is the one selling it to her and although he's billed it as an escalator, it's actually just a conveyer belt, and it doesn't lead to heaven, it leads to a meat grinder behind a McDonalds in Squirrel Hill.  Hey, she didn't ask for details, and Randy believes in the afterlife so technically he's not lying.
Fact: Most of Randy's potnahs died when he was just Flounder age. So yeah he got a fish brain.
Fact: All your base are belong to Randy
Fact: All of these facts are true, but there are no guarantees
Fact: there are no guarantees that there are no guarantees
Fact: Randy makes no guarantees that he makes no guarantees, and thats a guarantee!
Fact: Michael Jordan can palm a basketball and dunk it in the hoop... Randy can Palm the sun, and dunk it in the asteroid belt, that's how our solar system was made.
Fact: Randy was the inspiration for Space Jam.
Fact: Randy is never around. He is actually made up of straight lines and 90 degree angles.
Fact: If you look closely enough, you can just barely see Randy jumping over Henry Winkler as the Fonz jumps over the sharks.
Fact: Randyfacts have never, and will never jump the shark.
Fact: Randy and Bobby have the EXACT same birthday. This makes them twins.
Fact: Randy likes his legroom.  He has a room filled with severed legs.
Fact: Randy does not like tailwind...
Fact: Randy likes his finger room.  He has a room where he'll give you the finger... the middle finger.
Fact: Randy invented the ice cream headache as a way to make sure people ate ice cream slowly enough that there'd be some left for him.
Fact: Randy can throw a manhole cover like a frisbee.  It's just that no one on Earth can actually catch it.
Fact: Randy likes his headroom... but Eric doesn't like to talk about it.
Fact: Bigfoot has the ability to make all pictures of him blurry. Randy can kill anyone he wants within a week. One day both joined forces and created the movie "The Ring." Results were mixed.
Fact: Randy once bought a pair of sandals for Bigfoot so he could hide his tracks.  Looks kind of silly with all that fur though.  One time they were at Soergels and some dude cut in front of both of them saying, "I'm just here for the soup, ohhh nice sandals sasquatch"
Fact: Randyfacts don't have to make sense. They make dollars.
Fact: Randy's just here for the soup
Fact: Randy invented anti-gravity in the year 1308. Pretty soon anti-gravity got lonely so he invented uncle-gravity. The two canceled each other out and Randy stopped meddling in people's love lives.
Fact: We are all just figments of Randy's imagination. He's just very detail oriented and has a long attention span.
Fact: It is theorized that Randy's arms and legs are like a starfish, in that when you cut them off, they grow back.  No one has ever survived testing this out.
Fact: There once was a man from Nantucket... Randy killed him because he hates limericks.
Fact: Randy IS Robert De Nero's mole.  Have YOU ever seen them both in the same place at the same time?
Fact: Randy once slaughtered all the younglings. In his defense, he was really drunk and hates Pennsylvania brewed lagers.
Fact: Randy owns the China Palace in Turtle Creek where the only thing they sell is authentic Chinese hamburgers and hotdogs.  People eat them with chop sticks and no one even questions it.
Fact: Although it has never been confirmed we are sure that Randy probably hates penguins. The PHP programming language was invented to help spread the rumor.
Fact: Randy has an underground Russian Roulette league, he is the Chancellor of the league, but he also owns a team called the East End Splat.  He's currently drafting for the 2015 season.  All his team mates last year.... uh.... retired.
Fact: Randy counts from zero
Fact: But he is not zero based.  He is force based.
Fact: Randy is all your based
Fact: Randy is zero wing.
Fact: Someone set us up the bomb.  (it was Randy)
Fact: Randy knows what you doing
Fact: Randy is based out of multiple cities, including Cleveland, Ohio and Atlanta, Georgia. He does have a headquarters... but Eric doesn't like to talk about it.
Fact: Randy has a Chinese throwing star.  It's called his Hadouken, it's a Red Giant.
Fact: Randy has a pet human. his name is Charles Manson.  Charles was a bad boy, so he's in his crate right now.
Fact: Randy entered the Space Race with the US and USSR back in 1955. It was a confusing time for Randy. He literally ran into space, touched the moon, and ran back, but couldn't figure out why everyone was building rocket ships.
Fact: Randy invented the apple watch. He and 2 of his fiercest competitors stared at a gala apple for 62 straight hours. The competition ended when the 3rd contestant claimed the room in the name of Spain and began eating his shoe.
Fact: Randy once went looking for Saddam Hussein in Iraq. A UN weapons inspector was there.  He reported back that he saw a weapon of mass destruction in Iraq. George W. Bush sent troops in to find the weapon. Randy had already headed home by that time. This is why the US was unable to find WMDs in Iraq.  It also explains why they found Saddam in a hole. That's where Randy left him.
Fact: Randy questions his air intake capacity.
Fact: Randy knows how many calories are in a human eye.
Fact: Four leaf clovers are actually really common. Randy just knows where they are going to grow and harvests as many as he can. They are a key ingredient in pizza log manufacturing.
Fact: You're not invited over to Randy's house for dinner.  He doesn't have any silverware or plates on the account that they all ran away together.
Fact: The cow didn't jump over the moon. Randy just wanted to test his intercontinental ballistic cow launcher.
Fact: Randy can launch a cow into a refrigerator.
Fact: Randy launched Rosie O'Donnell into a refrigerator.
Fact: Randy will never address the elephant in the room. He's too busy talking to Jim Morrison.
Fact: The US has no official language. Every time they try to adopt one, Randy punches congress in the face and demands they accept both Aurebesh and English.
Fact: There are more randyfacts than angels. Every time you enter a fact, an angel gets its wings.
Fact: When Randy says he's going out for cougar night, never ask to go with him. He's actually going to hang out in a cougar cage at the zoo. You don't want none of that shit. Randy is more hardcore than you.
Fact: When Randy says he's going out for cougar night, he's also bringing several lions and tigers, for more of a challenge.
Fact: When Randy first heard the song "Eye of the Tiger," he thought that he needed one in order to enjoy it better. This is why Tigers are endangered animals.
Fact: Randy owns the trademark on the phrase "Shut up Jay". Anytime you say it, you owe Randy $1. He may not have collected yet, but he's counting.
Fact: Randy tried his hand at conducting a full sized orchestra once. He was really killing it, but by the time the audience realized what was happening, the entire woodwind section had been slaughtered.
Fact: Randy loves to take a routine flight around the country every 4th of July. Those are not fireworks, though. Every city is trying to shoot him down.
Fact: Randy knows more ways to kill a person than there are randyfacts. Every time one is added, he just invents a new way to kill. This one will probably involve having your toes removed and being forced to swallow them.
Fact: When you enter a randyfact, it is automatically copywrited by Randy.   All your randyfact are belong to him.
Fact: Randyfacts started at Sir's Day when it became apparent that Randy's charming personality and unmatched wit could not be contained in spoken word alone.
Fact: Randy has a twin so that he can never by off by one.
Fact: Josh's most important QA work is debugging Randypedia. This is the only case where an active contributor to the project makes the best QA person, because Randy wills it.
Fact: There are a lot of things that have been said about Randy. There are a lot more too. Stay tuned.
Fact: Randy has the best ideas!
Fact: Terry Tate, Office Linebacker, was loosely inspired by Randy's previous job enforcing the compliance of office rules for a large consulting firm in Philadelphia.
Fact: If you write down a randyfact on a piece of paper there is a good chance that it will manifest into a small rancor that will attack you and eat your innards. It's best to enter them into Randypedia where it's safe.
Fact: Storm troopers always miss because they don't know what Randy looks like, and they're afraid to find out what happens if they shoot him.
Fact: Randy invented glue. He had been attacked so many times by mounted troops from the Mongol hordes that he needed some way to recycle all of the horse hooves. Randy doesn't like to let anything go to waste.
Fact: In 1993 Randy thought of a really good pun after watching a movie. So he went back in time to 1874 and founded the company Schindler's Lifts.
Fact: Randy can't be described in a single word. That's why these randyfacts are always so long.
Fact: Randy was once disqualified from a Mortal Kombat tournament because he's not mortal.
Fact: Randy's name is from an ancient alien language so complex that in order for humans to pronounce it correctly he'd have to pull out your tongue. He's ok with the English pronunciation, though.
Fact: Randy recently finished writing a never ending story. He's proofreading it right now.
Fact: Randy CAN ride on your little red wagon.
Fact: Randy is never barking up the wrong tree. If he's barking at a tree, it's for a darn good reason!
Fact: Randy doesn't beat around the bush. If he finds you stealing from his blackberry bush, he's going to rush right in there and beat you silly.
Fact: Free association writing is when a person clears their mind and begins writing the first randyfact that comes to mind.
Fact: People who end their threats with the words "or else" presume that the intended recipient of the threat will know exactly what Randy will do to them if they don't comply with their demands. God have mercy on those who answer "or else what?".
Fact: Randy is the actual winner of every Nobel Prize awarded. However, since it's not fair to judge others against him, he lets others win. This kind act alone is why he qualifies to win the Nobel Peace Prize every year.
Fact: Randy has never bitten off more than he can chew. Believe me, he keeps trying. But so far his harder-than-diamond teeth have chewed through steel, quartz, and nickel plated tank armor.
Fact: Randy already knows what the 1000th randyfact will be. He's just waiting for us to catch up.
Fact: When Randy performs on Broadway he's always cast as the understudy. The phrase "break a leg" originated because he would often resort to breaking the leg of a headlining actor so that he could take his place.
Fact: Randy never enters randyfacts because he lived them. It would be repetitive. And Randy NEVER repeats himself.
Fact: When computers were first being invented, Randy thought that they would be a new food source to feed his unending appetite. Although the scientists kept reminding him that it wasn't food, Randy was quite literally chomping at the bit.
Fact: Randy turned his living room couch into a small garden to grow potatoes while he watched TV. This has absolutely nothing to do with the origin of the phrase "couch potato."
Fact: Randy can never get bent out of shape. It's not that he has an impressive tensile strength or anything. He's just very elastic and springy and will always return to his original shape.
Fact: As Randy was leaving he said he was going to "hit the road." Now we have a sinkhole in the parking lot.
Fact: Randy let the cat out of the bag once. It was angry for being kept in there for so long. Randy has since decided to keep all of the other cats in their bags.
Fact: Randy kicked the bucket... and the bucket died.
Fact: When Randy first meets someone he takes a moment to shoot the breeze. He never misses, and it makes a great conversation starter.
Fact: When a fish rats on the underwater mafia, it sleeps with the Randy.
Fact: Randy was the one to originally stuff all the evil in the universe into Pandora's box.
Fact: Randy was the one to originally stuff all of the music in the universe onto <http://pandora.com|pandora.com>.
Fact: When Randy is feeling under the weather it's because he's too sick to fly into space that day.
Fact: Randy likes to lasso the moon to impress women. But it just causes a massive tidal wave somewhere in the pacific and he has to fly there to save everyone. He's still working on a better pickup line.
Fact: Randy is wise and knows all.
Fact: Randy had never seen Saw. He decided to watch Saw and Saw 3, after which he had seen two Saws. Some time later, he saw two more Saws; but he never saw Saw 2. Then he woke up. He had fallen asleep on a seesaw in a playground off of Saw Mill Run Blvd. Across the board, his brother was laughing.
Fact: Randy knows every star in the sky. He's thrown Ben Affleck into the stratosphere a number of times during the years.
Fact: Randy has given a name to all of the furniture in his house. He named his china cabinet "Starsky" because it's right next to the hutch.
Fact: Randy only hits the nail on the head. They can't all be zingers, folks...
Fact: Randy eats a lot of Hostess cupcakes. They can't all be zingers, folks...
Fact: Randy never gets bitter about the quality of Randyfacts.
Fact: Randy ate a single pizza log in his monologue.
Fact: It might sound like Rain, but that's actually the roaring crowd happy to see Randy.
Fact: When Randy doesn't get invited to a friend's wedding, there's probably a good reason for it.
Fact: There is no limit to how far a randyfact can go. Unless Eric writes it. Then limits are probably a good thing.
Fact: There is a limit to how far a randyfact can go. Eric doesn't want to talk about it...
Fact: Randy's weekend ride is the death star
Fact: When Randy gets angry at Eric, he punches tiny little holes in the roof above his desk. So far, Eric has remained unaware of his antics.
Fact: The Dead Sea Scrolls are actually the earliest known randyfact texts
Fact: Randy's other ride is the Death Star II
Fact: The Dead Sea is dead because somebody wrote down randyfacts and we all know that no mere scroll can contain such power.
Fact:  Randy
Fact: Randy once tried to commit suicide after waking up from a 3 week bender and learning he invented the Macarena.  So far all attempts to end his own existence have failed.  Because Randy is Fact.
Fact: Randy likes his coffee like he likes his women. Take that in whatever way you wish.
Fact:  Randy used to use a lava pit as a hot tub.  This was proven to be a big mistake a few thousand years ago when an ancient tribe of Aztecs kept throwing virgins down to appease him.
Fact: Randy is the reason we went off topic here.
Fact: Randy will never give you up
Fact: Randy will never let you down
Fact: Randy will never run around and desert you.
Fact: We DID just get randyrolled
Fact: Randy will make you cry.  As he tears your limbs off beats you half to death with them and makes you watch while he eats them.
Fact: Randy does not drink plain tap water. The only water he drinks is harvested from the tears of children.
Fact: Randy, unlike most programmers, has never written a bug in his life. He merely likes leaving himself a challenge for later.
Fact: Randy debugs programs by going outside and smashing insects. He's not sure how it fixes his programs, but it does.
Fact: Randy has flash-frozen water by leaving it outside... in the summertime.
Fact: Randy distributes bath salts around the state of Florida. Not the drug, drugs are bad. He just likes the smell of lavender.
Fact: Randy is in charge conditionally.
Fact: Randy is always in charge, even if he's not present
Fact: Randy's blood is considered an illegal substance in thirty-four countries and 7 states in America.
Fact: Randy in Charge Of our days and our nights.  Randy in Charge Of our wrongs and our rights
Fact: Randy can work through this bullshit.
Fact: Randy could cut the holes in the roof with his laser eye vision, but he's an asshole and likes to watch us suffer.
Fact: Hell hath no fury like a Randy irratated by loud sawing noises.
Fact: Randy is tired of THIS shit :point_up_2:
Fact: All of us are going to get the black lung from all the roof dust in the air.  Except Randy, who doesn't have lungs.  He has gills, and a taco.
Fact: It's not that Randy couldn't hear the roof being sawed open. He's was talking to Jim Morrison on Jay's keyboard.
Fact: You can cut a hole in your ceiling, but you only have a conduit to the heavens if Randy lives in the apartment upstairs.
Fact: Randyball is the universe's most dangerous sport. It most closely resembles the human sport of soccer, but to say that isn't really saying much. There are tasers, and horses, and a man on fire...
Fact: Randy once killed a man with a trident.
Fact: Randy's blood is a naturally occurring steroid. However, no one has ever made Randy bleed
Fact: Randy's personality is not dictated by randyfacts. It's our personalities that are dictated by Randy.
Fact: Rorschach Tests are just Randy's photo album of pieces of paper with his victims splattered blood on them that he folded in half.  If you see anything but pure rage and hatred, you've failed the test.
Fact: Randy has played jump rope with a human colon.
Fact: Randy coined the phrase "Sirsday" and made it a national holiday. It occurs weekly because he said it shall be. If you do not attend, you are dead to him, and everyone else, because he will cut you with his Swiss army knife.
Fact: Randy has never been to the Zoo... but he has been displayed prominently at the science center and will do speaking engagements if asked.
Fact: Erron may be the king of Sirsday, but Randy is the god of Sirsday. You have to be mortal to be a king
Fact: Randy invented baseball.  In the beginning it was played with human skulls and femur bones instead of bats and balls.  The idea was to hit the skull with the femur and run to safety before they tagged you out.  If you were tagged out, you became supplies for the next game.  This is where the term 7th inning stretch came from.  Where numerous bodies were carted off in stretchers.
Fact: Randy originally created the game of Soccer. It was really violent, so they removed the tasers and invented the game you see today.
Fact: Randy invented the game of bowling.  In the beginning it was played with human skulls by placing your fingers in the eye sockets and nose hole respectively.  The object of the game was to knock over lit sticks of dynamite at the end of a long alley way to extinguish them in the pool behind the alley.  It was called a strike because scoring one would give you a strike, scoring three and you were out of the game, and allowed to live.  It was called a spare, because Randy would spare your life and allow you to throw again.  It was called a 7-10 split because if you didn't knock the pins over, you would explode and split into anywhere from 7 - 10 pieces.
Fact: The most believed conspiracy theory is that death star blew up Alderaan, when in reality, it was Randy.
Fact: There is more to life thank making randyfacts, but you won't live to enjoy it unless you fill your quota of chronicling his deeds.
Fact: Omnipresent -- adj : being present everywhere at once ; See also Randy
Fact:  Omniscient -- 1 : having infinite awareness, understanding, and insight 2 : possessed of universal or complete knowledge ; See also Randy
Fact: Omnipotent -- adj : having unlimited power ; See also Randy
Fact: Omnidirectional --adj: Pointing in multiple directions; antonyms Randy's nipples.
Fact: Nothing's certain except death and taxes. Well, only taxes. You could be Randy.
Fact: Randy was once trapped in a painting for a few hundred years and required a child to come back to this dimension.  Then some assholes shot him with lasers or some shit and covered him with pudding.  They thought they had won, however Randy was never banished back to the painting.  Instead he quickly drew up a picture of the 4 douchebags and escaped out the back door.
Fact: There is no Randy, only Zuul.
Fact: When Google googles, they use Randy
Fact: Randy has taught us everything about randypedia, but randypedia hasn't taught us all that Randy knows
Fact: One time Randy was very thirsty, but all he had was a very large diamond.  He had heard about squeezing blood from a stone before so he thought to give it a shot.  IT WORKED!  Then he found out he had severely cut himself on the diamond and it was in fact his own blood he had been drinking.  Furious at discovering something that was harder than he was, he began a mission to seek out all things that were harder.  Among his findings were Snoop Dogg and Ice Cube.
Fact: Randy can turn a diamond into coal
Fact: Randy has gone to a Star Wars costume contest as the Force. He choked all of his competition and won unanimously.
Fact: When Randy enters a contest he doesn't take first prize. He takes whatever he darn well pleases and nobody tries to stop him.
Fact: Randy gifted us all with knowledge of ourselves and our surroundings.  Before that we were all like Keanu Reeves.
Fact: Woody's foot read "Randy," until Buzz Lightyear—a failed astronaut turned child's toy—plotted with a boy named Andy to steal "the cowboy." Buzz's prize was to be humanity—a return to his human form—but he got a friend, instead. Buzz did not want a friend (in anyone). In a fit of sorrow, Randy invented black holes and claw machines.
Fact: Keanu Reeves is controlled entirely by Randy's mind. Most of the time Randy is too busy saving the world to give it his full attention, so Keanu comes across as mindless puppet. Which is true.
Fact: Alpha Centauri is 4.2 lightyears away because it's afraid of Randy.
Fact: This is Randy's world. He made it the way he wants it.
Fact: They claim they named him Cameron, but he's actually the old Cameron. Randy turned him into a fish with some deep dark wizard hoodoo
Fact: Computer animation has been able to produce photo realistic results since 1972. Randy prefers puppets and old fashioned special effects, so he required the film industry to tone down the technology. He's relaxed the rules but Hollywood keeps pushing the envelope. The great film wars are expected to start in 2017.
Fact: Randy plays video games on a deck of playing cards. The resolution sucks.
Fact: There are stars in the southern sky. There are also stars in the northern sky, but Randy doesn't like them as much.
Fact: Randy is a wise ruler. When there is a dispute between two people he simply says: "If one of them dies it solves the problem."
Fact: Randy is not at this Pirate game. His version of a pirate game involves commandeering medium-sized vessels off the coast of Somalia.
Fact: Randy is now 3,947 of your Earth years old.
Fact: The last time Randy tried to learn Spanish he caused El Niño.
Fact: Robert Redford is the Horse Whisperer, but Randy is the Fish Whisperer. He just won't let them make a movie about him.
Fact: Randy is a Fish Whisperer, but a lot is lost in translation due to the bubbles.
Fact: They say that if you put a babblefish in your ear it can translate any alien language. It's actually Randy that uses his powers of telepathy to translate intergalactic messages. He just thought it would be funny to watch people put fish in their ears.
Fact: In early 1492 Randy sailed the ocean blue. It was important because an army of giant squids were protecting the coast of central America. Randy killed them off with his light saber and simultaneously created safe passage for Christopher Columbus and invented calamari.
Fact: All people on the planet named Randy are hollow drones that Randy can control at any moment. They act like normal humans to keep his secret.
Fact: Randy can transfer his consciousness mid-sentence.
Fact: The saying is wrong. Rome was totally built in a day. Guess who did it!
Fact: Randy actually wrote the book Eragon.  Christopher Paolini was just an awful writer until Randy came along and ghost wrote it for him.
Fact: It was Randy. It was always Randy.
Fact: The famous line from Casablanca was originally "We'll always have Randy," but Randy didn't like the connotation. Plus, nobody can really _have_ Randy. Randy has you.
Fact: Randy records the screams of his victims so he can listen to them later while he's coding. It helps his productivity.
Fact: Randy had a death metal band. He literally killed people in the audience with pieces of metal. It didn't last long because his fan base died off quickly.
Fact: Randy was in a hip hop group, called The Kick Flip Hipsters.  They were a group of assassins that tore peoples midsections out, and played hopscotch on them.  Get it?  Hip Hop?  I'll show myself out...
Fact: For a long time, Randy refused to work with people with rigid schedules. Then he discovered that everybody is flexible... if you apply enough pressure to their limbs.
Fact: Randy taught Doug how to Dougie and that's why he never scored with Patty Mayonnaise.  Not sure why he thought the whole Quailman thing would get him the girl.  A belt on your head and underwear over your shorts?  Yeah Doug, show her your skid marks, you'll get the girl.  Randy is hilarious...
Fact: There would be an infinite number or smaller randy facts, down to an infinite, non-repeating decimal place, between every two whole randyfacts, but that would be irrational. And Randy is never irrational.
Fact: A nuclear strike on US soil is the sum of all fears. But 2 is the sum of all Randy... if you count Bobby.
Fact: Randy didn't read Erron's shirt.
Fact: Randy has a collection of fake Rhinestones.
Fact: Randy brought balance to the tank.
Fact: Randy has brought peace in our time. It required a Betta, a Tetra, and a lot of patience.
Fact: All Randy has to do to create world peace is flex his biceps. He's just letting the world figure it out on their own. So far it's not going so well...
Fact: No matter how many randyfacts that Tom Keifer enters It's Not Enough!
Fact: Randy slices, he dices, he makes Julienne fries. Now it is weird to name a french fry, but this is Randy we're talking about!
Fact: Cthulhu could awaken and arise from the sea whenever it wanted to, however, it's too afraid of Randy.
Fact: Randy wanted to make a TV channel that showed nothing but documentaries about Flan. He messed up and accidentally created Canadians.
Fact: Randy has gone fishing and caught goldfish crackers.
Fact: Randy can physically withstand enough pressure to survive at the bottom of the Mariana Trench. He'd explore it on behalf of the human race, but he's afraid of the dark.
Fact: Randy can ride a unicycle that's missing a wheel.
Fact: Randy can balance a seal balancing a ball on his nose, on his nose.
Fact: Randy has multiple personalities, and all of them are more charismatic than you.
Fact: Randy stole the thunder. Zeus was ok with it.
Fact: Erron resorts randyfacts. Randy resorts to violence.
Fact: Randy googled it once, Yahoo went bankrupt.
Fact: Water didn't melt the wicked witch of the west, Randy did with a magnifying glass.
Fact: Some people light a match and ignite farts for fun, Randy does it to ward off Satan's constant attacks on this realm.
Fact: Randy has been to way more than just 3d realms. He's been to 4d, 5d, and even 36 double d realms. Eric doesn't like to talk about that last one.
Fact: One time some logging company was clearing a nearby section of trees in Randy's neighborhood.  All he heard was logger, and was on his way.  He proceeded to try to make his way through the forest dodging the trees as they fell thinking it was an updated version of one of his favorite games.
Fact: One time Randy and Bobby went to get fast food.  They told them at the second window that they were running a bit late, and they should pull around and wait out front and someone would bring their food to them.  Which they did.  Then a policeman came up and saw Randy and Bobby just sitting there.  He asked "You waiting on someone?" And Randy said.  "Yes, but if he sees the cops here, the deal is definitely off!"  Randy has been on the run ever since, and has been nicknamed the Burger King Burgaler.
Fact: Randy likes to throw knives at people. For fun, you know?
Fact: Black holes are the points where Randy has punched someone so hard they broke through another dimension
Fact: Randy is the reason Bigfoot is afraid to show his face
Fact: The life of the average bengal tiger is until Randy runs out of Frosted Flakes. Then he hunts one down and turns it into a new box of cereal.
Fact: Tony the Tiger has been dead for years, but Randy keeps his memory alive through commercials.
Fact: Randy once fought a baby sarlacc. He would have fought a full grown one, but this was during his dark side phase and he preferred to kill younglings.
Fact: Bobby.
Fact: Randy once commandeered a mexican restaurant and called it El Randesino.  It didn't last long.
Fact: Randy's restaurant failed because he forgot the mortal man can not handle the level of spiciness he can
Fact: Randy once saw an older man trying to abduct a young girl.  He saved the day by knocking the man unconscious, locating the girls parents, and  calling the police.  He didn't want to give up his identity so he fled the scene, electing to duct tape the would be assailant to the side of a nearby Moe's Restaurant.  As he walked away from the scene he laughed to himself and said. "It's a Moe Ped."
Fact: The level of spiciness that Randy can handle is measured in Mega-Scoville
Fact: Randy does NOT get gastrointestinal distress from Sirsday
Fact: Randy ate a chair. It didn't sit well.
Fact: Randy bought an intergalactic newspaper from an extra extra terrestrial.
Fact: Randy understands how Extra sugar free gum can be more sugar free than something without sugar.
Fact: Randy can turn himself into a spider.  This is useful for when he wants to be a spider.
Fact: Randy plays polo with the 4 horsemen of the apocalypse on the weekends.
Fact: Randy has been around for the creation of all religions and believe it or not, the Scientologists are right.
Fact: Randy loves PETA.  He thinks all kinds of animals taste good on those chips.
Fact: Randy doesn't love PETA, but neither did Katniss. So it's ok.
Fact: Randy loves pretzels so much he invented the shape they are commonly made in today.  Before that, there were only pretzel rods, and you can only carry so many of them at a time.  Now he can use the loops to carry a bunch of them on each finger of one hand leaving his other hand free to strangle a child or murder a hobo.
Fact: Randy agrees, pretzels taste delicious while murdering hobos.
Fact: Murdered Hobo is Randy's favorite pretzel dipping sauce
Fact: If you see Randy with a pretzel and red stained shoes, it is not a good time to ask for spare change.
Fact: Randy has dressed as a hobo and tried to murder himself with a pretzel.
Fact: Randy has a better business card than Patrick Bateman
Fact: Pizza logs are filled with hobos
Fact: Randy's first home was a Pizza log cabin that he built himself.
Fact: Randy tried to set up Aunt Jemima with Uncle Ben.  They weren't feeling it.  Maple Rice?  What were you thinking Randy?
Fact: Randy tried to set up Tapitio with Cholula. She was more interested in Sriracha... but Eric doesn't like to talk about it.
Fact: Randy has a dark past working as a hitman for the mafia. He killed Mama Cass due to her unpaid gambling debts. Not much is known about the incident because at the time his alias was Ham Sandwich.
Fact: When Randy walks into Moe's, not an employee speaks a word. His order is as implicit as their welcome, and his payment is presence.
Fact: Randy can see himself sitting there.
Fact: Randy approaches the speed of light safely. He doesn't want to rear end it.
Fact: Before Randy had his way, only chicken tasted like chicken, but since Randy likes chicken so much, he made the taste of most other animals change so he could enjoy it more often.
Fact: Randy has destroyed Jay in enough interesting ways in alternate timelines to let his bullshit slide in this one.
Fact: Randy got tired of one timeline, so he made alternate ones.
Fact: Randy received a collect call from E.T. and hung up.
Fact: Randy observed the falling concern for our own humanity in the office so he placed a bird in the sewer to tug on our heart strings. It worked.
Fact: Randy's plans always work.
Fact: Randy never plans, he just does
Fact: For Yoda there is no try. For Randy, there isn't even do. It's done as soon as he decides to do it.
Fact: Randy can give out Randys as often as he damn well pleases.
Fact: Randyfacts are relevant everywhere, at any time.
Fact: Randy experiences all time simultaneously but is too much of a gentleman to ruin the ending of your favorite show
Fact: Randy experiences all time simultaneously. He really likes news magazines.
Fact: Randy invented the grenade, but he didn't invent the name.  See, Randy names things like George Lucas names Star Wars stuff, with no imagination whatsoever.  It's a wonder why "Pulls the pins and throws ems" Didn't catch on as a name.
Fact: The game didn't choose Randy, Randy chose the game. Randy also beat the game, on the hardest difficulty, in 7 minutes, first try.
Fact: Randy can be seen in the background of "The Last Supper" eating a pizza log and holding a goblet full of cherry Coke.
Fact: Randy has one of those bear rugs in his living room in front of his fireplace.  Randy doesn't get much use out of it though since it's not so much a rug, as it is a bear in his living room in front of his fireplace that hibernates there.  It scares off would be intruders and keeps the fire going so, it's a mutual thing.
Fact: Randy doesn't have a fireplace so much as he has a place where he sets things on fire. It's pretty large and his conflagrations have been confused with nuclear missile testing. He called it White Sands, New Mexico. Perhaps you've heard of it.
Fact: Randy once made a slip n slide by covering a hillside with banana peels.  It didn't work really well, in fact nothing really exciting happened at all, just a few momentarily disoriented coyotes.
Fact: Randy can't get a tapeworm, but he can get an exogorth
Fact: Randy runs the mythical Acme company... but it's not like he makes defective products. He just really hates coyotes.
Fact: Randy has an entire field dedicated to him growing fucks.  As you could probably guess.  It is barren.
Fact: Rule Number 1: Randy is always right. Rule Number 2: If Randy is wrong, see rule number 1
Fact: If Randy says it's for you... it's for you!
Fact: Randy once went 6 years and 3 months without showering, instead electing to dare any foul odors from clinging to his body.  He finally broke down and showered out of sheer boredom for having just sat in one spot daring odors for 6 years and 3 months.
Fact: If your refrigerator is running it's because Randy has threatened it.
Fact: Randy can land a jetpack.
Fact: When Randy needs a haircut, he just leans his head out the side of his helicopter.
Fact: Randy does not bow to God-Calvin
Fact: Randy is a generous god.
Fact: Randy doesn't like people holding tridents.
Fact: Terry Tate hides form Randy.
Fact: Randypedia will eventually require an amendment to rule 34. The rule will read: "Rule 34a: if it exists, there is a randyfact of it."
Fact: Rule 34b: If it exists, Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: The manhole covers in Randy's neighborhood are made from sirs pizza.
Fact: Randy addresses the elephant in the room by ripping its ear off, frying said ear in batter, and eating said ear.
Fact: Randy addresses the elephant in the room with a 34 cent stamp.
Fact: Every year while the president is giving the state of the union, Randy is giving The Elephant in the Room Address.
Fact: Randy once trained the elephant in the room to balance on one leg on a ball.
Fact: It used to be called "addressing the Randy in the room", but nobody dares utter those words anymore.
Fact: Randy can tie a knot in a cherry stem.  Unlike us though.  He doesn't do it with his tongue.  Instead, he eats the entire cherry, stem pit and all!  Then if you care to look... you know what?  Just trust me... it's tied.
Fact: When Randy gets nervous, he doesn't get butterflies in his stomach, he gets Mothra. Fortunately, Randy is never nervous.
Fact: Jessie wishes he had Randy's girl.
Fact: After creating the animals, God did eat at Sir Pizza with Randy. And God tasted the pizza, and it was... ok. And the evening and the morning were the fifth day.
Fact: You might think it's harsh to break a fish's spirit... but you're not Randy.
Fact: Randy used to smoke Camels.  Not the cigarette, the animal.
Fact: Randy manufactures a line of chewing gum that exponentially increases your pleasure and fun with each subsequent stick. It hasn't been approved for public consumption, but Doublemint has some cheap knock-off of it going.
Fact: The last time that Randy tried to break the monotony, he broke both of its legs and gave it a concussion. Monotony won't go near Randy again.
Fact: Fred Durst packs a motherfuckin' chainsaw. Randy packs a goddamned wood chipper.
Fact: Randy has begun playing video games against supercomputers because humans weren't proving enough of a challenge to keep his interest. However, he's already getting bored with the supercomputers.
Fact: Kasparov only forfeited to Deep Blue because Randy walked in the room, and this scared him.
Fact: Randy could put out the sun with a loogie.
Fact: Randy could kill you with a wedgie
Fact: Randy gave someone an atomic wedgie once. The nuclear fallout has not yet dissipated.
Fact: We all live in Randy's perpetual lucid dream.
Fact: Freddy Kruger has recurring nightmares about Randy.
Fact: Randy invited Neil Young to a tea party with  Mola Ram and King Midas.
Fact: ...but Randy was not growing old.
Fact: Whenever travelling between points in space and time, Randy immediately seeks out any other versions of himself and fights them to the death. This ensures that only the strongest version of Randy ever exists.
Fact: Randy decided Soylent Green was to be made out of people.
Fact: Randy invented the very first flee circus.  All of his acts ended with people being maimed and senselessly murdered.  People fled.
Fact: If you have multiple Travis's you would have a Travi. If you had multiple Randy's you have a Bobby.
Fact: When Randy sneezes it generates 1.21 gigawatts.
Fact: Randy goes through 3 or 4 keyboards a day because typing on them turns them into bars of gold, which he uses to fund his quest to make a real Santa Claus.
Fact: Randy invented Jigawatts. He stranded Doc Brown in the wild west for stealing his invention.
Fact: In his more primitive and tribal days, during the dawn of man, Randy has eaten his victim's belly like it was a bowl full of jelly.
Fact: When Randy wants a fruit rollup he fucking gets a fruit rollup.
Fact: When Randy wants a fruit rollup, he hijacks a goddamned bulldozer and runs it over an orchard.
Fact: Randy is an all-world makeup artist. Randy is on the $1 bill.
Fact: Randy's face was on the first shiny rock exchanged between cavemen as a form of currency. Well, it wasn't REALLY his face... but if you held it just right, you could kinda see it.
Fact: The common phrase "Don't throw the baby out with the bath water"  came about because Randy hates babies, and likes to throw them away.  He usually tries to drown them in bathwater first.  He finds the bubbles they blow as they scream soothing.  Don't as me, I just work here.  I think it's totally nuts, but don't tell Randy that.
Fact: Randy consistently wins the "Weirdest Client Award" because everyone, for which he is a client of,  thinks it's extremely weird that he lets them live.
Fact: Every time Randy walks in to get his hair cut, the barber says "Hello, Randy. How are you doing? Please don't stab me with my own scissors today."
Fact: Randy prefers to kill barbers with someone else's scissors.
Fact: Randy is generally merciful and goes to the airport when he needs a haircut, rather than doing something... barberic.
Fact: Randy used to have a friend named Barberic... but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy is banned from Sri Lanka for killing 3 people with a Rice Krispies Treat.  He claims it was an accident, but I think it's because he likes his Rice Krispies Treats with blood on them.
Fact: Randy once wrestled a gargantuan gopher over a business deal gone wrong. Nobody knows all of the details, but the business people below making the deal were scared out of their minds.
Fact: Randy coined the term Heroin Junkie.  Because to him, Heroin is junk, he has way better drugs.
Fact: Randy is the inspiration for every good band in the world. Bands like Hanson, The Spice Girls, and One Direction are not Randy's fault, they are the work of the devil.
Fact: The word epitome represents the single most painful event in human history. The epitome of pain, if you will. Someone stole Randy's last pizza log so he grabbed him by the tonsils and ripped out his entire immune system. The sound that it made resembled a word. Through onomatopoeia of this event, epitome came to mean the most significant example of something.
Fact: Randy once got sick and vomited.  For some reason he named it McCauley Culkin.  Big mistake.
Fact: The last time that Randy puked he was home alone.
Fact: Randy is both funny AND accurate.
Fact: Randy is so american he vomits Bald Eagles
Fact: McCauley Culkin is a bald eagle.
Fact: The Lord of the Rings got it all wrong. Randy enslaved all of the elves and forced them to bake cookies in trees and all of the goblins have been put in charge of stealing babies and musically collaborating with Queen.
Fact: Randy steals babies from their candy.
Fact: Randy once used a jellyfish on a PBnJ sandwich.  He's not very good in the kitchen.
Fact: Randy writes the songs that make the whole world sing, then Eric plays them on the guitar.
Fact: When Randy was a boy he asked God for a bicycle.  Then he realized God didn't work that way, so instead he stole a bicycle and asked God for forgiveness.  Randy knows how to beat the system.
Fact: Randy started the "Share A Coke" advertising campaign by giving one to the entire country of Columbia. Incidentally, he also started the war on drugs.
Fact: Randy has a joke about crayons, but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: If Randy says we are going to Disneyland, we are going to disney land.
Fact: Jesus can turn water into wine, Randy prefers turning it into rum.  Then later when Jesus walks on water, Randy walks on Jesus.  He's a very weird drunk.
Fact: Randy sells stairways to Heaven.
Fact: One time, Randy's neighbor got sprayed by a skunk and smelled horrible.  Randy, the impatient man that he is, tried to drown the poor soul in a large pot of tomato soup and accidentally discovered the cure for the smell.  The kid still died however, and he was delicious.
Fact: Randy knows who's on first.
Fact: Randy can play clawhammer banjo like a motherfucker.
Fact: Randy doesn't have to google anything, he only does it to give Google some morale support
Fact: Clawhammer Banjo has to Google Randy.
Fact: When Randy says a plant has grown, it has grown... Like immediately. It grows as he's saying it. All of those charities that try to save the rain forest send the money directly to Randy just so that he'll say that the rain forest has grown.
Fact: Randy found El Dorado in the 1600s. For fun, he took a bunch of the gold and broke it into minuscule pieces. He the proceeded to scatter the gold over parts of California, where they laid untouched for almost three hundred years. TL;DR: Randy caused the California Gold Rush.
Fact: When Randy plays Oregon Trail, every river he comes across, he goes with the "Take wagon off a sweet jump" option, and always nails the landing, winning him 500 pounds of food from the native onlookers.
Fact: Whenever Randy plays Organ Trail, every river he comes across, he goes with the "Take car off a sweet jump" option, and never nails the landing, earning the onlooking zombies a free lunch.
Fact: Randy claims he's got the "fastest fingers in the West"... But Eric doesn't wanna talk about it
Fact: Randy thinks this is the original version of eye of the tiger <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nGRubcQ3C6k>
Fact: Randy charged his laptop, and it cowered in fear.
Fact: The last time Randy was in charge of people, the Black Death happened
Fact: Randy invented Al Gore.
Fact: Many scientists look to the stars to find other sources of intelligent life.  This makes Randy laugh as Earth is the last place left in the universe that he hasn't yet destroyed.
Fact: Randy can make volcanos erupt on command, and does so whenever he wants to cook a steak on some lava.
Fact: Randy holds the world record for having the most temporary tattoos applied to his body at one time.  He didn't even do it on purpose, he just passed out first.
Fact: Randy sleeps on the top of a server rack at a Google data center, tethered to the "cloud." Bobby sleeps on the ground beneath, because Randy always gets the top bunk.
Fact: Randy was the man from Nantucket.
Fact: Randy, not Zapp Brannigan, is the most decorated star fleet commander in the universe.
Fact: Randy made a couple of paper airplanes once. Eric doesn't wanna talk about it.
Fact: Randy is.
Fact: They tried to make another Yogi, but they made a Boo Boo. They tried to make another Randy, but they made a Bobby.
Fact: Randy can do a barrel roll in a helicopter.
Fact: Randy can do a barrel roll on a unicycle.
Fact: Randy can do a barrel roll on a horse.
Fact: Oddly enough, Randy cannot do a barrel roll in a barrel.
Fact: Randy once had a role as a barrel in a broadway show.
Fact: Randy tells Peppy when to do a barrel roll.
Fact: Randy once had a role as a salesman at Baierl Toyota; he sat on a barrel all day eating rolls, breaking the rules.
Fact: Randy was offered a job to do a bare-all role, but he declined the offer.
Fact: Randy starred in an avant garde Home Improvement broadway show wearing nothing but a fake beard. It was a bare Al role.
Fact: Some people try to pee their name in the snow.  Randy doesn't have a choice.  His stream comes out in a perfect signature.  Makes it pretty hard to deny public urination charges.
Fact: Randy sounds much nicer while talking on the phone, but in reality he is in the process of killing Jay on Hearthstone, and this satiates his rage for the duration of the phone call.
Fact: Randy is the secret word. "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
Fact: Randy and I got Chinese food once.  His fortune cookie just said "You win"
Fact: Randy can see clearly now the rain is gone... so he's finally got you in his sights.
Fact: Sweating until you bleed is not dope enough for Randy.
Fact: Every morning after brushing his teeth, Randy uses Scope. His confirmed sniper kill count is approaching 150.
Fact: There's more to life than just Randy, but we're pretty sure that none of it matters.
Fact: Give Randy a fish, and he'll kill it in a tank.  TEACH Randy to fish, and he'll drown you in the lake.
Fact: "Buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo" is a complete sentence. So is "Randy Randy Randy Randy Randy," but that's the nuclear launch code for all missiles on the eastern sea board.
Fact: Randy teaches fish to man.
Fact: Randy is, therefore he thinks
Fact: Randy thinks, therefore I am ...pretty sure he wants to kill me.
Fact: There are currently 3,000 randyfacts. If this is not true, keep adding randyfacts until it is.
Fact: Randyfacts, unfortunately, does not function like Prolog.
Fact: If you see a fairly deep hole with a rock at one end... run.
Fact: Randy sweats pure tartar sauce... But no one has ever gotten close enough to figure out why or how.
Fact: The only bad randyfact is one that would make Randy angry. If this ever happens, life as we know it would cease to exist as Randy disintegrates the universe and breaths all life energy back into his great and powerful nostrils, from whence it was first given.
Fact: There has never been a bad randyfact.
Fact: Randy puts his pants on both legs at a time. Because he's not like everyone else.
Fact: Randy's shoe size is a 34 C
Fact: Randy invented the English accent because he wanted to hear people talk funny. He put them across the ocean because he knew it would get annoying.
Fact: Randy understands Ronnie James Dio's lyrics.
Fact: Randy is fluent in Khoisan.
Fact: Randy invented the Tandy computer. The similar sounding name is just a coincidence.
Fact: Randy once travelled with the circus filling in for the bearded lady.  Everyone left alive unanimously agrees, that was the most authentic looking bearded lady they've ever seen.
Fact: The first apple computer had a wooden case. This has nothing to do with Randy, but he loves to eat apples.
Fact: Randy once found a worm in his apple. He did not see how it was worse than the Holocaust because the Holocaust was a terrible, terrible tragedy.
Fact: Randy once rode a pterodactyl into the sun. It was the last of the dinosaurs and he knew that it needed a glorious ending.
Fact: Randy and Captain Hook from Peter Pan are close friends.  One time, they went to see a magician perform.  He was really good, in fact, Randy was convinced it was real magic.  He turned to captain hook and said "give him a hand" Captain hook started clapping, but Randy came prepared with a machete.
Fact: Randy's got 99 problems on the wall—99 problems. He takes one down, passes it around; now he's got 98 problems on the wall, and the joke crumbles.
Fact: Randy's got 99 problems, but a fish ain't one.
Fact: Randy has killed numerous people with his hang glider.  Usually if he asks you to go on his hang glider, he'll take you to  get into a small craft that is pulled by a truck down a long runway, before you start gliding around the sky.  I assume it is when the passenger inevitably asks "I thought you said HANG glider"  That he releases the trap door and subsequent noose and proceeds to glide around the sky with your limp lifeless body swinging below the plane.
Fact: Randy has killed numerous people with his Han glider. Han Solo flies around on a hang glider and shoots first.
Fact: Randy has a hang glider.  It's a glider that people hang out in.  It's not comfortable because it's so small, but the hot dogs are free.
Fact: Runways were invented because Randy runs so fast that he needs a long time to stop. When airplanes were invented they found his old track and field locations to be prime real estate for airports.
Fact: The Wright brothers are credited with inventing the first airplane... It was just Randy practicing his force powers.  That piece of shit can't fly.
Fact: It has been said that if you run out of gas, you can pee in your tank and get a few more miles down the road.  If Randy pees in your tank, his stream melts a hole in the tank in the shape of his signature.... weird.
Fact: Randy has been known to play the game "the floor is lava" In a volcano
Fact: Randy plays "the floor, ceiling, and walls are lava" in zero-gravity.
Fact: When angry, Randy is known to rip out people's eyeballs and throw them at passing aircraft. This is why we use the phrase "catch the red eye."
Fact: Randy awards 1000 points to airline passengers who reach out their window and successfully "catch the red eye".
Fact: Randy never enjoyed playing with legos but he always enjoyed visiting cities that have been devastated by natural disaster, sifting through the rubble, and murdering any survivors that he might find. It's best not to make Randy angry.
Fact: Randy is the eye of the tiger
Fact: Randy is the thrill of the fight.
Fact: Randy was the inspiration for Rocky 4, but only the part where the Russian killed Apollo.
Fact: Randy hunts wolverines with a dagger he carved out of the bones of the last wolverine he killed, not a friggin' twelve gauge.
Fact: Randy can carve a dagger out of a twelve gauge.
Fact: Some people can talk to the dead... Randy can talk to the unborn.  If you ever see him talking to someones crotch, you know what he's doing.
Fact: The movie The Last Man On Earth is a metaphor about how Randy is the only perfect being left on the planet and how he is constantly surrounded by the imperfect like you and me. Randy doesn't understand the metaphor because he's never seen the movie.
Fact: Randy can read aurebesh.
Fact: Randy hates dancing.  He tried to break the trend of dancing in the early 80s to get people to stop forever and accidentally invented break dancing.
Fact: Randy has a carbonite guy. Take that however you wish.
Fact: Randy forgot his belt once. It started a fashion trend. He thinks people that wear their pants real low looks stupid, so he hasn't forgot his belt since.
Fact: "Jaybag" is becoming a hit with all the kids these days. Everyone is using it. But they don't even know who Jay is.
Fact: Using 555 as a fake phone number originated when Randy tried to get Lucifer's number at a bar one time for a friend.
Fact: Randy's house number is 665, the neighbor of the beast.
Fact: This is a reboot of a previous randyfact
Fact: This is a reboot of a reboot of a previous randyfact. Those responsible for this randyfact have been sacked.
Fact: A moose once bit Randy's sister.
Fact: Randy once bit a Moose
Fact: Randy was once bit by an alligator. He just laughed and bit him back.
Fact: Randy is above Comic Sans.
Fact: You don't get to decide when you do the windmill slam. Randy decides when you do the windmill slam.
Fact: Randy lives by the motto, you gotta get to whitecastle before the weirdos show up.
Fact: If you don't like Randy, you're a minger.
Fact: Randy, like the leopard, can carry 3 times his weight up into a tree.  I don't have a joke for that yet.  But it is accurate.
Fact: Randy doesn't like cornhole because he tends to throw the bean bags 4 million feet past the board. And no one else can play on a regulation Randy sized set. Randy doesn't have a soft touch.
Fact: Randy has played cornhole on the sun twice.  That's how we ended up with refried beans.
Fact: It's not Randolph. It's not Randle. It's just Randy.
Fact: Randy was dropped as a baby, into a pool of badassness.
Fact: Randy plays cornhole like a sarlacc has children.
Fact: Randy plays cornhole in a sarlacc pit. This is one of the only rules he plays by.
Fact: Randy hates playing cornhole. Eric doesn't wanna talk about it.
Fact: Randy conquered an entire village in Bangladesh with a ball from a pinball machine inside a tube sock.
Fact: Randy has 73 power animals, and he's kicked every single one of their asses.
Fact: Randy is his own power animal.
Fact: It's not hard to conquer a village in Bangladesh, but Randy did it with pizzazz.
Fact: A newspaper writer once confused Randy's name with a lumberjack named Paul Bunyan. He killed the writer and burned down the newspaper. Since there was no written record of the event, he simultaneous invented tall tales.
Fact: Randy used to hang around logging sites carrying a giant ax and followed by a blue ox.
Fact: If there were an OpenArc Slack world, Randy would develop the website for it.
Fact: Randy used to think manhole covers were some sort of odd undergarment.
Fact: Randy can't walk a tight rope... but he can speed walk one, and he looks just as ridiculous as everyone else who speed walks when he does it, only in frilly clothing and a stick in his hand.
Fact: Randy has a selfie stick.  It's a retractable titanium rod he uses to club teenage girls posing for selfies.
Fact: Randy's selfie stick has a counter on it. You'd think that it'd record the number of selfies he's taken with it, but it's actually the number of people he's impaled with it.
Fact: There is only one Francium fact.
Fact: Randy is less stable than Francium
Fact: There are now four Francium facts. There were never two or three Francium facts. they can't all be zingers, folks.
Fact: Randy is credited with discovering Francium.  He found it inside a Cracker Jack box.
Fact: Randy is credited with discovering Cracker Jacks.  He found them inside a Cracker Jack box.
Fact: They never found Jimmy Hoffa's body, because he's not dead... He's Frozen in a chest freezer in Randy's basement.  And one day, when he gets around to it, he's gonna thaw him out, invent reincarnation.  Bring him back to life, call up David Hasslehoff and take a trip to Hofbräuhaus and eat those pretzels with the beer cheese.  Randy fuckin loves pretzels.
Fact: There is actually an entire LARP system dedicated solely to Randy and his adventures.
Fact: LARP stands for Live Action Randy Playing.
Fact: Live Action Randy Playing involves real weapons and death, unlike that other LARP
Fact: Randy invented  bacon on a lark. The bird couldn't support his weight but he stood there on that flattened little tuft of feathers and invented it anyway.
Fact: Randy invented regular bacon AFTER he created Kevin Bacon as a way of saying sorry.
Fact: Randy allowed his character to die on <#C04S30QGT> because he knows that he'll outlive us, and a century from now he will visit our graves and feel the same satisfaction in our deaths that we felt while playing the game.
Fact: If your randyfact fails to amuse Randy there are absolutely no implications.  He has mercy on the unfunny, unless it's Jay.
Fact: If Randy decides it's going to be 90° outside in April, it's going to be 90° outside in April, and that's what's best.
Fact: Randy has never gone too far. Wherever he goes is exactly where he needs to be.
Fact: Randy is occasionally ironical. He locates a bunch of hipsters in ironic t-shirts and then kills 20% of them in an attempt to cull the herd.
Fact: Randy does that.
Fact: This is the point where randyfacts jumps the shark, and then Randy kicks the shark's ass.
Fact: The last time a shark jumped Randy, it stole his wallet. He hasn't trusted sharks since.
Fact: Randy knows how many stars are in the sky... Zero. Stars are in space, not in the sky.
Fact: Randy always pays with change, thus we have dynamism in our lives.
Fact: Randy's change believes in you.
Fact: Eric almost died on a combo. Randy finished him off with a fatality.
Fact: Randy once had a date set up with Octomom, but she had to cancel because she couldn't find enough baby sitters.
Fact: Randyfacts used to be narrated by side-eyed Chloe but she was soon replaced with Zapp Brannigan.
Fact: Randypedia has a Twitter account. <https://twitter.com/randypedia>
Fact: Randy likes his ballroom.  He likes to dance... Wait... What were you thinking?
Fact: Randy only showers inside a hurricane.  This is why they all have names, he only showers with female hurricanes.
Fact: Randy is a Maverick fish keeper
Fact: Randy has run security at a social event.
Fact: Security runs from Randy at social events.
Fact: Randy threw Excalibur back at the Lady of the Lake and made her go get him a lightsaber instead.
Fact: Randy is a much faster swimmer than Michael Phelps, but he's not allowed to compete in the Olympic Games.  Oh, he looks way better in a speedo too.
Fact: Randy was elected to be Ukraine's 5th president but he appointed the position to president Poroshenko instead. He turned it down because he wanted to spend more time with his bunk beds.
Fact: Randy enjoys cryptozoology but is really bad at it. Every time he gets interested in a cryptid he just catches one and keeps it as a pet. The problem is that once he captures it, the animal is no longer considered mythical... like the oarfish.
Fact: The snow speeders in Episode V were equipped with tow cables because Randy traveled back in time and convinced the Rebel Alliance on Hoth that it was a good idea and that they would "definitely come in handy one day".
Fact: Randy can send telegraph messages with his  toes. Due to the lack of telegraph service, the rebels on Hoth didn't quite understand what he meant by "toe cables."
Fact: "The Last Samurai" is actually a story about Randy slaying thousands of ninjas. When it became a movie, Tom Cruise ruined the story so bad Randy went back in time and made him also star in "Legend".
Fact: Randy has shot himself in the face with a 12 gauge shotgun on 7 separate occasions.  Not to commit suicide no, Randy can't die, don't be silly.  He said it was "Because his :shotgun: brain itched"
Fact: In a sort of christening of Randy's career in crime, he breached security at the local federal penitentiary and destroyed all of the prison guard's watches. He figured that if he did the crime he might as well do the time.
Fact: Randy gave me 20 cents and the world felt a paradigm shift.
Fact: People often pay several thousand dollars to hear Randy's 2 cents.
Fact: Randy's 2 cents were minted before 1982.
Fact: Half of Randy's opinion is so valued that it has been immortalized in song: "Penny on the Floor."
Fact: Randy's face was on the 2 cent piece. People paid thousands of dollars just for the artwork, so they wern't in print long
Fact: Randy is a secret agent. They tried to take away his name and give him a number, but he wouldn't let them have it.
Fact: Randy left MIB headquarters with fingerprints.
Fact: When the cops find Randy's fingerprints at the scene of the crime, they just close the case, because they know he's already taken care of it.
Fact: Never play with Randy on his seesaw.  It is NOT what you think.  It consists of a simple fulcrum like most and you push up with your feet.  However, with Randy's seesaw when you come down to the bottom... a giant crescent shaped saw blade swings down and cuts you in half, the sudden change of weight brings Randy plummeting down to the ground and the bottom half of your torso shooting across the yard in a giant bloody arc.  Some people theorize it is called a C-saw for the shape of the blade, others feel that you should have seen the saw.  It is Randy you know.
Fact: Randy and Bobby won the 1973 Iditarod with no sled dogs. Yep...
Fact: You can take away our randyfacts, but you can't take away Randy's collection of human skulls!!!
Fact: Randy's always wins. His first ever win was he beat Bobby out of the womb
Fact: You can take away Randy's magic cards, but you can't take away his EBAY!!!
Fact: Randy is a master of the bump and grind.  If you bump into him he'll stick you in a meat grinder.
Fact: You can take away our randyfacts, but you can't take away Randy's room in which he stores severed heads!!!
Fact: You can take away our randyfacts, but Randy can take away your soul
Fact: You can take away our randyfacts, but you can't take away Randy's undeniable affinity towards flamenco dancers!!!
Fact: You can take away our randyfacts, but you can't take away Randy's plausible deniability!!!
Fact: Randy Day is an intergalactic holiday. It is celebrated but once per microsecond.
Fact: You can take away our randyfacts, but you can't take away Randy's vegan puppy chow factory!!!
Fact: Randy owns a time machine.  It's a watch.  They can't all be zingers folks.
Fact: When Randy takes support calls, he ends up teaching the caller enough for them to earn a degree in web development.
Fact: The first spider called Randy to learn how to best hunt flying insects.
Fact: Randy once arrived so fashionably late to an event, he was asked to do a photo shoot in Milan.
Fact: The Ancient Ones are sleeping at Randy's Bed &amp; Breakfast. He's got some kick-ass blueberry waffles he made from scratch waiting for them when they finally get out of bed.
Fact: Randy can hassle the HOFF9000.
Fact: HAL9000 can let Randy do that.
Fact: Randy regularly opens at black metal concerts with the song Tenacious D played for the shiny demon. Most of the time they just cancel the rest of the show because everyone knows they'll never one-up that, but it's still worth it just to hear Randy shred that brutal solo.
Fact: Randy doesn't save his best songs for the encore.
Fact: When Randy first entered the united states in 1872 he did not need a passport to enter. Since then San Francisco has passed a regulation that prevents all powerful beings from entering the city limits without proper documentation.
Fact: When the crowd requests an encore (and they always do) and Randy has already played his best songs, he just improvs even better ones.
Fact: Randy once won a golden fiddle from the devil.
Fact: Randy took the devil's bet and beat him with a triangle solo.
Fact: Randy once got in a fist fight with Satan.  He beat the devil out of him.
Fact: Satan sold his soul to Randy.
Fact: The first rule of Randy Club: No Guarantees
Fact: The Randy club is basically just a baseball bat with a nail in it that Randy hits people with.  You don't want to be in the club.
Fact: Randy once hit a salmon with a baseball bat and smacked it all the way up the river to where it was planning on going. It didn't survive the incident, but Randy hasn't always had the best luck with fish.
Fact:  Randy used to think the word racist meant you hated to run, and he identified himself as one for many years.  Boy you should have seen the look on his face when he found out he was wrong.
Fact: By Eric's logic, Randy has never been, nor has he ever identified himself as sexist.
Fact: Randy knows your eye color, but that's just because he's the kind of speaker who likes to make eye contact.
Fact: Randy also owns the elephant grave yard, and he goes there whenever he damn well pleases.
Fact: Some people enjoy split pea soup.  Randy prefers split atom soup.
Fact: Randy is actually a transformer.  His other form is a Vespa.
Fact: Randy hasn't visited Europe in a while.  He was there between 1346 and 1353, but then the Renaissance got weird and he left.
Fact: When the Renaissance got weird, Randy baroque it.
Fact: Randy is a chupacabra
Fact: The goal is to reach 10,000 randyfacts by the end of time, but that could be the same thing as the end of the day if Randy so wills it.
Fact: Randy is Tricerecop
Fact: Randy once made split atom soup in northern Russia. They called it the "Czar Bomb" because the people in charge thought his cooking was the bomb.
Fact: Randy is better than your kids...and you
Fact: Randy shoots first and asks for forgiveness later.
Fact: <#C04C6HGU9> is not <@U035X2QGJ> as I figured out today, after sending 5 messages.
Fact: Randy swallowed a AA battery and outran a bunny.
Fact: When Randy plays horseshoes, he throws entire horses.
Fact: When Randy plays beer pong he throws atari's into cups of Pepsi
Fact: When Randy shoots some hoops, he uses a cannon.
Fact: Randy drank a Gatorade and won an award for reptile care.
Fact: Randy kicked a cow across the galaxy and created the Milky Way.
Fact: Randy played chicken with a train once and the train derailed itself.
Fact: Randy collects stamps...of approval.
Fact: In his high school yearbook, Randy was voted Most.
Fact: After much consideration, heraldry investigators have determined that most of the Vincent Van Gogh's self portraits are actually paintings of Randy back when he was a sheep herder in the caucasus mountains.
Fact: Many people ask what came first the chicken or the egg.  The answer is the chicken, and Randy ate it exclaiming "hmm tastes like chicken" before it could lay it's first egg.  Society had to wait another 2000 years for another one to show up, and no one knows what was first this time.
Fact: Racing snails used to be a popular sport around the world, but at the time snails could travel at speeds upwards of 250 miles per hour. Bystanders would regularly get hurt so Randy had to act. He slowed down all snails globally for safety reasons.
Fact: Randy realized one day that he was way too damn smart.  So he went to Jupiter to get more stupider.
Fact: Randy is watching. He's always watching.
Fact: Randy is a watchful protector.
Fact: In the beginning there was light. Then Randy made darkness and it was better.
Fact: Randy is batman.
Fact: Randy is the hero Slack deserves, but not the one it needs.
Fact: You can't skip reading this randyfact because it's already ove...
Fact: The chicken crossed the road because Randy told it to do so.
Fact: At the strip club, Randy makes it rain with bars of gold.
Fact: Randy was declared champion of an Indonesian rattlesnake taming competition. He wasn't even there, but he knows they made the right call.
Fact: If a tree falls in the woods, Randy is probably responsible.
Fact: Contrary to popular belief, most people are familiar with the sound of one hand clapping. Randy routinely cuts off people's hands as punishment, but he does it so well that even the person being punished can't help but applaud.
Fact: Everything Randy thinks of comes true.  When he has nightmares, shit gets real.
Fact: The movie Sphere is about Randy's life.
Fact: Randy has been portrayed on film by Samuel L. Jackson.
Fact: Randy's life is narrated by Morgan Freeman
Fact: Morgan Freeman's life is narrated by Randy.
Fact: Josh thinks Randy is Morgan Freeman.  He's not, but Randy is one of his freckles.
Fact: The Randy freckle is not on Morgan Freeman's face, but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: The last time that Randy tried to purchase a vehicle he asked the salesman for more headroom... but Josh doesn't have very long to live.
Fact: Randy drives a covered wagon.  He rolls around town with the rag top down going 35 in a 25 zone just straight thuggin it out.
Fact: Randy tilts his musket to the side when he fires for a kill shot. It's a little awkward because most of the gunpowder just falls out, but that's ok because he's still an OG on the OT.
Fact: Randy is fact
Fact: Don't confuse randyfacts for documents that Randy sends you via phone line. Those are randyfax.
Fact: Randy is so vain, he thinks this song is about him...but, it actually is
Fact: Randy is the worlds best tap dancer, but he had to give it up in early 2011.  The aftershocks caused a massive tsunami in Japan.
Fact: Randy prefers to watch indy films. Every time he wants to watch a movie he just forces George Lucas to make another Indiana Jones movie. Thankfully he hasn't wanted to watch anything since 2008.
Fact: Randy asked me, "Do you know the difference between you and me, Travis?" I said, "No. What?" He said, "I know the difference between you and me."
Fact: Randy started a garage company in an apple orchard.
Fact: Randy plays frogger on the parkway and wins every time
Fact: Randy made a mountain out of a molehill once.  It's called Mt. Everest.
Fact: Randiologists have studied Randy for centuries, but for all their efforts, that can't seem to grasp the simple fact that Randy is a magic man.
Fact: In 2010 Randy lost a heavyweight bout in Baja California against the loch ness monster. Randy caused a 7.2 earthquake when he hit the mat.
Fact: Randy used to be a WWF champion (not that panda bullshit) but he decided to quit when too many other wrestlers were getting hurt.
Fact: Randy sued Action Park because the rides were too safe.
Fact: In space, it becomes evident that Mount Rushmore depicts a single face: Randy's.
Fact: When Randy gets lost, he stops in to _give_ directions, because he's modified the terrain in such a way that makes it easier for him to get where he was going.
Fact: Randy's wingspan is the largest of all humans.  Except Paul McCartney.
Fact: Randy is an unlockable character is Super Smash Bros.  His special attack is an X-wing.
Fact: Randy and Bobby ARE the Super Smash Bros.
Fact: Randy did a Barrel Roll once.  He inverted a Cracker Barrel.
Fact: Randy will never judge a book by its cover. Unless it sucks. Then he'll judge a book by its cover
Fact: Randy has been to the gates of Hell. He left a burning bag of dog shit in front of them before ringing the doorbell and running behind some rocks.
Fact: Randy won a staring contest with Medusa.
Fact: Randy also accepts American Express.
Fact: Randy cannot be killed by popcan rings.
Fact: Randy CAN halve BY nothing.
Fact: Nothing is new to Randy. He's done it all.
Fact: Randy likes to brand the enemies that he conquers. It's excruciatingly painful and has been dubbed an "Epic Randy Burn."
Fact: Randy kills men by the hundreds, he WAS there, and when he was, he consumed the English with fireballs from his eyes and bolts of lightning from his arse.
Fact: Randy can only be burned with fire. This is basically the only way you can burn other humans, Randy just wanted me to let you know.
Fact: Randy would have gotten away with it too, if it wasn't for those damn kids and their Wookie.
Fact: Randy fought the law, and the law lost.
Fact: Randy almost got a speeding ticket on the highway to Hell, but they let him off with a warning because he was so polite about it all.
Fact: Randy went camping on the moon, but some idiot hit him in the head with a golf ball. He hasn't been back since.
Fact: When Randy comes to party he will always party hard
Fact: Randy was the first choice to play in Night Rider...As KITT
Fact: Randy invented the word "bemoan" while sitting on a balcony in Tanzania. He had just removed a killer bees nest with his bare hands and thousands of deadly stings had made him a little tired.
Fact: Randy also has bear hands.
Fact: If you accidentally pun in the randyfacts channel, Randy might accidentally punt you into space.
Fact: Randy met a man with a wooden leg named "Smith." He asked the man, "What's the name of your other leg?"
Fact: Randy once almost summoned Captain Planet when he drove the tour bus for Earth, Wind, and Fire to where Heart was currently doing a concert.
Fact: Randy has good news... and it's for everybody!
Fact: Randy never threatens anyone, he only delivers on unspoken threats.
Fact: Randy never threatens anyone, he threatens everyone. It's very hard for him to hurt one person without collateral damage.
Fact: When Randy gets his picture taken at a studio and doesn't purchase all the prints, the studio pays him for the extras instead of throwing them away.
Fact: There is a light at the end of the tunnel, and, yes, Randy is tending it. He just turns it off sometimes to mess with you.
Fact: Randy likes to make shadow puppets during the flash from the initial blast of nuclear explosions so his creations are burned onto the surfaces they're cast against.
Fact: Randy's favorite shadow puppet is the shape of a trophy. He makes it by holding two severed heads upside-down and facing each other.
Fact: Randy can also read wingdings 2.
Fact: Randy can do an awesome shadow puppet of a naked man, but he has to take his clothes off to do it.
Fact: Randy created Kung Fury when he sent his cobra after a police officer and then shot him with force lightning in an alley one night.
Fact: Randy is Cobra Commander. He has no face because they didn't pay for the rights to use Randy's likeness.
Fact: Randy put the Moxi in Amoxicillin
Fact: Randy was the first artist to use a d20 in the rap game.
Fact: randy made the first MMO, its called "Earth"
Fact: the final Boss of Randy's MMO "Earth" is called "Death". So far nobody has been able to defeat him, thus the game continues.
Fact: When Randy kills someone he scat sings the theme from Mario when Mario loses a life.
Fact: Randy disposes of bodies by dropping them in the docks with cement shoes.
Fact: Randy disposes of cement shoes by placing them on bodies and throwing them off a dock.
Fact: Randy sends people to wine and dine the fishes before he sends them to sleep with them. I guess he's just more of a gentleman about it.
Fact: Randy once took a bunch of pills and then killed and ate four Blue Man Group impersonators at a convention. When authorities asked him why he did it, he said he learned it from Pac Man.
Fact: Randy calls all levels in a video game, boards. Anyone who corrects him gets beaten with a 2x4.
Fact: Every time you say "we" when you mean to say "I," you're actually talking about Randy.
Fact: Randy doesn't leave for lunch. He floats in one place and rotates the earth so that lunch comes to him.
Fact: Randy is gonna let Kanye West finish.
Fact: The reason the planets in the solar system rotate is because Randy once spun them on his finger.
Fact: Randy is gonna let Kanye West finish. Eric doesn't wanna talk about it.
Fact: Kanye West is Finnish.
Fact: Randy went back in time, and through manipulating relationships throughout history let Kanye West be Finnish.
Fact: Randy doesn't write accidental bugs, he writes happy little insects.
Fact: Bob Ross' fro was actually a super advanced antennae that received messages from Randy and painted what he was thinking at the time. Network censors wouldn't let the show air while Randy was killing someone, or driving.
Fact: Randy taught Michael Jackson how to dance.  The whole crotch grabbing thing?  That was all Michael.
Fact: Randy once played the piano in his living room............................................. as a six of diamonds in a poker game.
Fact: Toads lick Randy
Fact: Randy's image cannot be represented in 2 dimensions. Thus there are no actual pictures of Randy.
Fact: Pictures of Randy remain formless for a moment until finally turning into trophies :randy:
Fact: In space no one can hear you scream. Randy's basement is called "Space."
Fact: In space no one can hear you scream. Randy's fish tank is called "Space."
Fact: Randy sheds the blood of 20,000 Saxon men.
Fact: Psycho dog man is Randy's dad.
Fact: Randy was the dog that attacked the psycho dog man.
Fact: Randy created his dad about 60 years ago when he realized he didn't have one for having been the creator of all things.
Fact: Randy attacked his dad when he scolded him for not following in his footsteps and being British.
Fact: It took Randy millions of years to realize he didn't have a dad... but he controls all things with his mind. So we won't blame him if he was too busy to notice.
Fact: Randy was once banging ginger spice from the spice girls... with a mortar and pestle.  Moral of the story?  Don't eat Randy's meatloaf.
Fact: If we can contribute 30 more randyfacts we will have 30 more randyfacts.
Fact: Randy has jumped the shark. He cleared 12 buses while riding on the back of a shark. Evel Knievel stole his act, but he didn't have a shark.
Fact: They say that in Soviet Russia the shark jumps you, but Randy just really hates Russians and ran out of smaller fish to throw at them.
Fact: All UFO sightings are just Randy playing Frisbee.
Fact: Leopards are spotted because Randy was learning pointillism. Tigers are striped because Randy was really into Bill Murray movies at the time.
Fact: One day Tito Puente's gonna be dead, and Randy's gonna say, "Oh, I've been listening to him for years, and I think he's fabulous."
Fact: Nobody knows how Randy created the stars, but the machine he used was no doubt powered by the dark side of the Force. It's just way too convenient of a plot device.
Fact: Randy looked into a monolith and was just like, "Huh... that's kind of neat."
Fact: Randy did a head stand at the local farmer's market. He sold a couple...
Fact: Randy did a hand stand at the local farmer's market. He sold more...
Fact: Randy did a cartwheel once and the wheel gave birth to a radio flyer wagon.
Fact: Randy uses a rat to move his cursor.
Fact: Randy might not be able to tune a piano, but he can tuna fish
Fact: Randy turned the tables on King Arthur, and it was as if nothing had changed.
Fact: Randy can dougie better than anyone, but he isn't giving out lessons.
Fact: Dougie sings, "Teach me how to Randy."
Fact: Randy can't be taught.  It can only be experienced.
Fact: Randy takes a while to do everything, but that's because he is doing it the best way possible which takes time.  Like when Randy makes a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, he makes it from scratch.  By milking the peanuts and churning the milk into peanut butter.  What?  You buy the stuff from the store?  Amateurs.
Fact: Randy will run for President. His campaign slogan? "Forgone conclusion."
Fact: They say in space, you're weightless, but Randy actually weighs 113.2 grams.
Fact: Randy invented silk screen printing so that anyone who didn't want to get a tattoo of his face could at least buy a t-shirt.
Fact: In his spare time, Randy likes to turn severed limbs into Ikea furniture.
Fact: For a short period of time, Randy changed his name to Ed Gein.
Fact: Randy collects spores molds and fungus.
Fact: Randy's spores, molds, and fungus are allergic to him
Fact: This is the best randyfact that I could think of right now. Stay tuned.
Fact: Randy's Sim characters can't die from old age. It's not that they wouldn't, but his Sims always do something dangerous.
Fact: Randy makes his Sims characters procreate as often as possible.  But he only lets the males survive.  He just really likes his Sims sons.
Fact: Randy dates girls like the Sims. He just gives them high fives until they ask him to stay the night.
Fact: Randy started the fire, right before he gave the world a big old push and got it to turn.
Fact: Randy has never been a walrus or an Eggman.
Fact: Randy played the role of an extra in Chicken Run without speaking.
Fact: Sometimes Randy lights farts on fire and pretends he's a backwards dragon.
Fact: Randy likes foot long hot dogs.  All the pugs in his neighborhood are mysteriously disappearing, and his house smells like burnt hair.
Fact: Randy's husky/jack russell terrier mix is a little over a foot long. Its brothers and sisters were not.
Fact: Randy likes to tip toe in restaurants.  He tapes the tip to the front of his shoes and makes the waiter or waitress peel it off.  To be fair.  They'd be on their knees begging for their lives anyway, it helps to relieve the tension to everyone around when they hear the server say "Ohh look five dollars!"
Fact: Randy can follow the thought process that caused each randyfact to be based off the last until he reaches the beginning, then he can use that information to tell you what you had for breakfast that day. It's an odd power to have, but it's better to watch him do that than ripping out your skeleton and pretending it's Pete.
Fact: Everything the light touches belongs to Randy.
Fact: Everything the dark side touches also belongs to Randy.
Fact: Every randyfact is original. Randy is the most original thing you've ever thought of.
Fact: Randy perpetually reincarnates into his perfect self.
Fact: Randy knows how that started.
Fact: Roses are Red, Violets are blue. If you haven't seen Star Wars, there is something wrong with you.
Fact: Someone once figured out that you can't fold a piece of paper in half more than 11 times.  Randy can't either.  But since he doesn't like anyone pointing out his flaws, he decided to see how many times he could fold that guy in half.  4.
Fact: Randy has a kit kat bar.  It's a solid piece of iron bar that he beats people with before stealing their candy.  He feels that chocolate and wafers taste better with blood.
Fact: Randy has a snickers bar.  It's a solid piece of oak in his basement set up to look like a speak easy.  The only thing he serves there are Snickers bars.  And knuckle sandwiches.
Fact: When Randy goes to a seaside restaurant he orders the sand bar. It tastes awful, but it proves that Randy has true grit.
Fact: Randy vaporized Pete... Observe.
Fact: We all live in a yellow submarine... except for Randy, who lives in another submarine with a torpedo aimed right at us.
Fact: Randy hates Pringles... Once he pops... he is quite able to stop.
Fact: Randy is the leading cause of Tuberculosis.
Fact: Randy is the guy that shoots anyone he wants with a cannon.
Fact: Never doubt Randy.
Fact: Travis watches randyfacts.
Fact: Travis randyfacts watches
Fact: Randy once won a bass tournament using an online phishing scam.
Fact: Randy once stole 10,000 credit card numbers with an old rod and some nightcrawlers.
Fact: Randy sold the Spice Girls to House Harkonnen via a misleading eBay ad. They filed a dispute, but it was overturned by eBay because of Randy's 427% customer satisfaction rating.
Fact: Randy sold PayPal to eBay via an eBay auction. He limited the payment method to "PayPal," thus eBay paid itself.
Fact: Randy can ghost-ride a unicycle.
Fact: Randy has a tandem unicycle.
Fact: Poison ivy is allergic to Randy.
Fact: Randy can hotwire a covered wagon.
Fact: Randy force chokes plants by holding an umbrella over them and causing a drought
Fact: Randy once used a covered wagon to ford a river.... of lava.
Fact: Randy invented spray paint by filling a squirt gun with paint.  Ironically enough, he needed a good way to fill the gun up without spilling, and discovered he could put it in a can and spray it in.  Sometime later Eric realized this was beyond retarded.
Fact: Tabloid writers have tried for decades but have failed to fabricate a story about Randy that is any more provocative than his every day life.
Fact: Randy once killed a man with a spit ball.
Fact: Randy ghost rides Airforce One.
Fact: Randy's force ghost rides on air.
Fact: Randy once did an oil change on a 747 mid-flight.
Fact: When forced to purchase bowling shoes, Randy has been known to go back out into the parking lot, and just knock the entire bowling alley over with his bowling ball. On nights when they're doing Cosmic Bowling, he'll knock that shit out into space.
Fact: Randy once tracked down and brought to justice a group of ghost poachers who were hunting illegally in a federal ghost reserve.
Fact: Randy knows all the stars and calls them by name. He named 5 of them George and 1 Georgetta. A lawsuit involving George Foreman is currently pending.
Fact: Randy got Poison Ivy and made Bruce Wayne jealous.
Fact: God is Randy's alter ego.
Fact: Randy tried hacking once; he unlocked the Fountain of Youth with the Florida Keys.
Fact: When Randy gets mauled by a wampa, he just rubs some snow on it. He thinks Bacta tanks are for pussies.
Fact: When Randy gets mauled by a wampa, he just rubs poison ivy on it. He thinks snow is for pussies.
Fact: When Randy gets poison ivy, he just lets a wampa maul it.
Fact: When Randy gets mauled by poison ivy, he just enjoys it. I mean I know she's a comic book character, but dayum!
Fact: When Randy comic book characters a maul, he just poison ivy's it.  I mean, I know she's a wampa but dayum!
Fact: Randy likes to fist bump.  He bumps your face with his fist when you piss him off.
Fact: When Randy is the first to comment on a youtube video he writes "fist." It's not a misspelling. He's warning all the other commenters what will happen if they beat him to the next one.
Fact: Randy can make a fist and deliver a killing blow with any part of his body.
Fact: After watching the movie Die Hard, Randy followed the advice and made fists with his toes. He had to pay to repair the damage to the floor.
Fact: Randy opened a sandwich shop where he makes fresh panini sandwiches.  There's no menu though.  Only a Manu.  He burns your fist in the sandwich press and serves you a knuckle sandwich.  If you don't cry about the 3rd degree burns, he adds your picture to the wall of men and gives you a really awesome t shirt.
Fact: Randy invented his own form of martial arts called "The Way of the Fist." He's been teaching people how to fi.... never mind. Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy invented the Amish.
Fact: The Amish didn't have beards until Randy showed up to check on them. Then they immediately grew beards to appear more manly.
Fact: Randy doesn't have a beard because no one can handle that much manliness
Fact: Randy doesn't have internal organs.  He has an internal beard.
Fact: Randy once proved that hay is not for horses by murdering a smart ass child in a wood chipper.
Fact: One time Randy's back was itchy, but he couldn't reach it.  So he passed himself through a wood chipper.
Fact: One time Randy had a stomach ache, so he passed a wood chipper through himself.
Fact: One time Randy's back was itchy, but he couldn't reach it.  So he murdered a smart ass child in a wood chipper.
Fact: Randy just welcomed Aaron Easler to the OpenArc team by murdering a smart ass child in a wood chipper.
Fact: Randy once went on vacation in North Dakota. It became the inspiration for Fargo.
Fact: Randy once killed a camp of Tusken Raiders. He even murdered the younglings in a wood chipper.
Fact: Randy once put a wood chipper into a wood chipper.  Now he's got a double wood chipper.  He's just here for the soup.
Fact: Joel wants to know what it's like to be Randy.
Fact: The bring your child to work day snafu was for their own protection. HR didn't know if Randy was going to have his wood chipper that day.
Fact: Randy once enchanted an 8 ball during a game of pool to impress some girls. When you asked it a question, it always responded with "No Guarantees".
Fact: Randy is neither dead nor alive.  He is simply Randy.... with a wood chipper.
Fact: Randy is not a morning person, but sometimes he does feel particularly chipper.
Fact: Randy was fired from Chippendales after a tragic work accident.
Fact: Randy used to rule the world with an iron fist until one day he accidentally dropped his favorite bunk bed into a wood chipper. Since that day he has walked the earth listless and without the urge to kill, trying to shed the pain of his loss.
Fact: The mulch from Randy's bunk bed was used to landscape the White House.
Fact: Some people think that Randy can walk on water.  This is only presumed true however, as he has never formally tried it.  He can however walk on watermelons.  He has tremendous balance.
Fact: Randy once carved a Millennium Falcon out of cheddar cheese.  Then he did the Kessel Run in 10 parsecs.
Fact: Randy once smashed a watermelon with a berry flavored wine cooler. It was so funny he invented a comedy routine called Gal Lager
Fact: Cornelius Evazan and his buddy both like Randy on Facebook.
Fact: Randy started Infidelity bank. It specializes in pretending that assets are frozen by the FBI so that they can't be taken in alimony cases. But Randy's done so much good for the world, we kind of let it slide.
Fact: Randy's favorite sandwich is the quarter pounder.  He takes a quarter of a small child, and pounds it through a wood chipper onto some wonder bread.
Fact: Randy once ate a porcupine.  Said it tasted like bacon and taxi cab air fresheners.
Fact: There are precisely 10^16,777,216 two-dollar bills in circulation that bear Randy's face. You've seen Saturn's rings, right?
Fact: Randy once lit a fart on fire and formed a quasar.
Fact: Randy once saw Subway Jarod ordering off the kids menu.
Fact: The BattleShark is a technology-enhanced, bio-engineered version of the bala shark, created by Randy when he had a spare weekend. It has advanced targeting systems capable of acquiring targets from around corners of reefs, and from up to three miles away. It has dual mounted machine guns, and a missile bay that can hold up to three thermonuclear warheads, and is capable of hitting targets up to 500 miles off of the coast. Smaller than the size of your average trout, this fish is no joke.
Fact: Randy got bored with that last fact.
Fact: Randy is the square root of apple juice.
Fact: Randy is celery factorial.
Fact: If you cross multiply Randy with an Oldsmobile you get Pauly Shore.
Fact: Randy once used a detailed explanation of linear matrix transformations as a pick up line. It worked.
Fact: A smart ass child walked up to Randy and said "Got any Wood Chippers?" Randy said "No" so the child said "Good, got any grapes?"
Fact: Randy has a fan club. It does both bludgeoning and slashing damage.
Fact: The Randypedia database loved Randy so much that it returned from the wilderness so it could spend the rest of its days with Randy. However, Randy thought that shit was lame so he strangled it and threw it into his wood chipper.
Fact:  Some people lick the backs of toads to get stoned.  That's child's play.  Wake me up when you've licked the back of Randy.
Fact: Some people lick the back of Randy to get poison ivy.
Fact: Some people Randy the back of a poison ivy leaf to get licked.
Fact: Commemorative postage stamps bearing the visage of Randy were released so that mere mortals could lick the back of Randy without being overcome by the effects. The worst of which is being thrown in a wood chipper.
Fact: Randy can count to threeve.
Fact: Randy can parse a CSV with pineapple juice.
Fact: Randy really excels at spread sheets.
Fact: Bill Gates asked Randy if he used a Microsoft product to compose his detailed report on malaria vaccines.  Randy replied, "Word."
Fact: Randy created a slide show to explain how he has harnessed the force. It's his Force Power Point.
Fact: Randy once called the commands for Simon says the game worked exactly backwards because no one is afraid of Simon, everyone fears Randy.
Fact: Randy gave :bulbasaur: poison ivy
Fact: Randy gave mad cow disease to poison ivy
Fact: Randy had a cow, man.
Fact: Randy once ate 23 ghost peppers and a 5 gallon bucket of Mayonnaise.  The aftermath is what inspired the space program.
Fact: Randy had a cowman. Diablo players kept spawning in to farm him for experience.
Fact: Randy runs a jungle gym where he does workout programs for tigers.
Fact: Randy's tigers eat whatever comes out of his wood chipper
Fact: Randy has the ability to read minds.  But it's like brail, he has to tear off the top part of your head and feel your brain to know what you're thinking about.  No one knows if he's telling the truth or not, but we all just kind of accept that his card was indeed the 8 of clubs.
Fact: Every 500 years, a small group of monks in the Himalayas performs the "Dance of the 7 Randys" in memory of an event where Randy went back to the same point in spacetime every day the same week for an all-out bloodbath against his other selves. Before the battle though, they ran a quick D&amp;D campaign with a standard party. Randy was also the DM.
Fact: Randy invented chain mail. Both the metal link armor and the miniatures game that Gygax borrowed from for D&amp;D.
Fact: When Randy forwards an email with multiple recipients that's been forwarded on more than once already, the people he sends it to receive a full suit of chainmail in their inbox.
Fact: Randy can email you a punch in the face, so don't thumbs down his youtube videos.
Fact: Randy was caught thieving mail from Dick Cheney's mailbox. He escaped charges with, "What? Even I need some armor to defend this country."
Fact: Randy has a male box... but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy got one of those email scams from a "Saudi Prince" once. Instead of sending his bank account information, he emailed him a wood chipper. No one has received one of those emails since.
Fact:  Randy doesn't watch the news anymore, ever since the weather girls told him it was raining men and it was not.
Fact: Randy didn't create the 10 commandments. He created the 10 suggestions. He still kills you if you don't follow them, but since they're advertised as suggestions he gets way more mileage out of his wood chipper.
Fact: Randy never understood why people needed half dollar coins so he bankrupted 50 cent.
Fact: Randy once exchanged 50 Cent at a gas station for 2 quarters so he could pay a parking meter.
Fact: If you call Randy to tell him to shut up he will punch you through the phone. One time someone faxed him the words "shut up" and he responded by sending a fax that divided by zero and made their fax machine implode, killing everyone within a city block.
Fact: Randy is actually a cyclops.  The other eye is just painted on, he uses the glasses to help sell the fact that he has 2 eyes.
Fact: Randy is Godzilla, but the "zilla" is silent.
Fact: Randy has been to San Fransisco.  No one eats Rice a Roni.
Fact: Randy has been to Louisiana, they think Popeyes chicken is disgusting too.
Fact: When Randy went to San Francisco, he wore a piranha plant in his hair.
Fact: Randy has been to Canada, they have regular bacon.
Fact: Randy can uppercut a boxer's head into a wood chipper.
Fact: For the irony, Randy granted Pinocchio's wish to become a real boy... right as he tossed him into the wood chipper.
Fact: he said decks people
Fact: Randy decks people.
Fact: Randy once let Bruce Jenner borrow his wood chipper
Fact: Randy once decked an olympian so hard that his gender spontaneously changed. Much of the world was thrown into an uproar over it.
Fact: Randy pulls puppies out of mailboxes.
Fact: Randy puts full sized dogs into mailboxes.
Fact: Randy rarely confuses mailboxes with wood chippers.
Fact: Randy can do the dance to Michael Jacksons Beat it perfectly.... in his head, but when he gets out on the dance floor it looks like a Monkey raping a watermelon.
Fact: I'm sorry randy.
Fact: Randy can play the entire solo to Michael Jacksons Beat it perfectly... but he forgot his air guitar today.
Fact: Randy can also play earth, fire, and water guitar.
Fact: Randy really likes to play Earth Wind and Fire. He listens to the ground for rumbling, feels the air for any wind, then shoots the poor sucker at the end of his sniper scope.
Fact: Randy can recreate the knife fight from Michael Jacksons Beat it to a T with his brother Bobby... but they don't like to play with knives.
Fact: Randy likes to play with matches, but when he doesn't have one he has to go fish.
Fact: Despite his skill with other elemental guitars, Randy still hasn't quite nailed the intro to Crazy on You.
Fact: At the end of the month, when he had no money in his pocket, someone once asked Randy what he was going to eat.  His response was, "I'm gonna fry me up some bologna, but I gotta remember to pop the bubble before I flip it otherwise it won't cook right on each side, little ketchup and some wonder bread.... made yall hungry with that one didn't I?"
Fact: Randy is never full of bologna... unless he's out of money for food.
Fact: Randy doesn't buy bologna, he makes his own... With a wood chipper... and some salt.
Fact: Randy used to participate in track meats. He would find cases of e. coli and race to find the plant that produced the tainted meat.
Fact: Randy once stuck a large wooden skewer through the moon and garnished a martini with it.
Fact: Randy wrote the Sir Mix-A-Lot song Baby's Got Back. He had just consumed a truth serum and the lyrics just flowed out from his soul.
Fact: Some people who can't dance say it's because they have two left feet.  Randy has more than two left feet, and can't dance because he's busy thinking about what he's going to do with all the left feet he has.  He always saves his victims left feet.
Fact: Randy can not tell a lie. Even if he tried, the lie would become truth because Randy spoke it.
Fact: After penning "Baby's Got Back" Randy felt inspired and went on to write such classic hits as Queen's "Fat Bottomed Girls" and "Moon River"
Fact: He doesn't even try to preserve these left feet... it's kind of an afterthought you know?  He just saves them and puts them in a pile.  That smells like rotten meat.  and feet.  How has no one else noticed this?  There is a giant pile of rotting feet.
Fact: Randy ended the Great Depression by smiling.
Fact: Occasionally you'll see a billboard for something like the largest ball of wax.  No doubt Randy has the largest pile of rotting left feet.
Fact: It's not even like he uses the left feet for anything.  At least Scrooge McDuck skis on his pile of money.  Randy never skied on his pile of feet.
Fact: Randy started collecting his pile of left feet when he was younger and couldn't get on the roller coaster at Kenny Wood. They told him he was a couple feet short.
Fact: Whenever someone says "I have two left feet" Randy just laughs
Fact: When Randy returned to the amusement park with two severed left feet, the ride operator and all the people in line went running and screaming. Randy finally got to ride on the Steel Phantom for a few magical minutes before the cops arrived.
Fact: Whenever Randy's pile of left feet gets too high, he just throws some in the wood chipper
Fact: Randy made up the word defeat, it was originally spelled defeet for when he would take the left feet of his victims for purposes of his feet pile.  The meaning changed over the years when people knew they had truly lost when Randy came to claim their left feet.
Fact: Randy has a unique defense mechanism in which he can shed and regrow limbs in order to escape. Ironically there is quite a large pile of Randy's left feet at the  Natural History Museum of Pittsburgh
Fact: Randy left feet on his porch for Halloween.
Fact: When Randy says the phrase "feet don't fail me now" he's really hoping that the threat of removing someone's left feet hasn't worn thin.
Fact: Ironically Randy measures the circumference of his pile of left feet in meters
Fact: Randy's pile of severed left feet is large enough to be seen from airplanes. The first time he saw them in a fly over he wrote the song "Dixie Chicken."
Fact: The smell from Randy's pile of left feet is why no one wants to drive through Carnegie.
Fact: There is a tunnel through the mountain of Randy's left feet.
Fact: Randy's left feet tunnel has a clearance of 90.2 feet.  The severed feet not the measuring kind of feet, no one want's to drive through his damn foot tunnel so it's never been accurately measured.
Fact: The Ft.Pitt tunnel is Randy's original pile of left feet. They were smelling so bad he had to cover them with dirt.  It was taking people an hour to drive around the pile, so Randy decided to dig a hole through them.
Fact: Randy's most exclusive collection of left feet are from former NFL pro-bowl players which he keeps locked away in a metal brief case. He's got a wicked case of athlete's foot.
Fact: Randy holds several patents with the US patent office.  One of his inventions involves a wood chipper accessory designed to turn off right before it grinds up a human left foot.
Fact: In the song Beat it by Michael Jackson, there is a line "No one wants to be de feeted"  He's singing about Randy, who took Michaels left foot and replaced it with a robot foot.  Which is how the moonwalk was created.
Fact: Randy's oldest left foot is the winged foot of the Greek God Hermes
Fact: Randy has over 300 acres of farm land in central PA.  The only thing that grows there is foot fungus.  You know, cause he keeps all his left feet there.  The pile is so massive that it blocked out the sun from a neighboring town which is now a ghost town nicknamed West Leftfoot.  Many believe this was just a ploy to lower the price of a neighboring farm where he could grow his fucks, however that land remains barren.
Fact: Randy has a catapult that will fire 400 feet. Naturally they're all left feet.
Fact: Randy is a master magician.  He grew bored with sleight of hand however, and worked on sleight of foot...  He was inspired to do this when his Pap Pap did the whole "got your nose" gag to his cousin.  Randy prefers to steal left feet.
Fact: When Randy is marching he starts with the right foot. When Randy is making it impossible to identify a body, he starts with the left feet.
Fact: Some people bite their fingernails.  Randy bites his toenails... off of all the severed left feet he collects.
Fact: Randy's left feet collection is getting out of hand.
Fact: Randy once cut off 6 people's left feet at the same time. It was a feet of dexterity!
Fact: Randy tried to dispose of all of his severed left feet in a wood chipper, but it was already full of smart ass children.
Fact: Randy accidentally crashed his Hyundai into a mountain of left feet. It was stuck and he had it toed.
Fact: The reason rabbit's feet are considered lucky is because it was the rabbit's foot, not your left foot.
Fact: It is documented far and wide that Randy has a collection of severed left feet hidden somewhere.  This is a lie created by Randy to avert your attention away from what he's really doing.  And that's starting a collection of left feet.
Fact: Randy once delivered a phone booth full of left feet to his friends. Strange things are afoot at the Circle K.
Fact: It's a little known fact that the Lord of the Rings trilogy takes place on Randy's left feet mountains. The hobbits made the entire journey on foot.
Fact: Very few things on this earth are quite as absurd as Randy's pile of left feet.
Fact: Over the course of his career as a nefarious villain, Randy has tied a total of 237 damsels to the tracks in front of the SirsDay train.
Fact: Stanky leg is the result of having your left foot removed and added to Randy's left foot collection.
Fact: Randy's pickup line used to be "how deep is your belly button?" but he changed it when Brooks told him the dragon story.
Fact: Randy used to fight along side the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. They needed his expertise to help fight off the foot clan.
Fact: Randy has no pride of lions. He prefers dragons.
Fact: Randy has no gaggle of geese. He prefers to gargle gaggles of octopi.
Fact: Randy was once a psychologist who specialized in helping abdomens work through their problems. He found belly buttons really deep.
Fact: Randy once seduced a waitress in a Mexican restaurant... but Eric doesn't want to taco 'bout it.
Fact: Randy simultaneously touched the bottom of the Pacific and the sun. The lone witness started a clothing store.
Fact: Where we're going, Randy doesn't need us.
Fact: When Randy dances, he does so with 5 left feet, which remarkably makes him a better dancer than most.
Fact: Randy knows a non creepy way to use the word moist.
Fact: Randy got into web development because he found out there was a thing called a footer.
Fact: Randy once fit the entire apocalyptic-sized Stay-Puff Marshmallow Man inside his mouth and proclaimed, quite clearly, his adoration of a certain rotund young rabbit.
Fact: When Randy visits a zoo the animals are put in cages for their own protection.
Fact: Randy visits the zoo to collect left hooves.
Fact: When Randy meets a William, he always defoots the Bill.
Fact: Randyfacts has a foot fetish.
Fact: Ninjas fear Randy because Jakicic is Japanese for death.
Fact: When Randy mixes his vodka and orange juice up, he uses a screwdriver and laughs to himself.
Fact: When using a Ouija board, Randy always moves the planchette himself. He doesn't give a fuck what the dead have to say, he just likes to rub it in to his defeated foes and then mock them when they try to come back with something witty.
Fact: Randy once brought a knife to a gun fight and won. It was a clown knife and he had to set up a pretty big tank for it during the battle. Fortunately no one shot the tank and a few of his enemies got to enjoy a pretty neat aquarium as they lay dying.
Fact: Randy once brought a knife to a gun fight and won.  It was one of those switchblade comb knives.  He whipped it out and combed his hair and when the other dude started walking away Randy stabbed him with it, it didn't even break the skin though, so they just laughed and Randy promised to kill him next time.
Fact: Randy's switch blade comb is labelled "indestructible." It may be hard to destroy, but only Randy is truly indestructible.
Fact: Randy brings guns to knife fights... and gives them all out to make the fight more challenging.
Fact: Randy takes people in knife fights to the "gun show" before beating them to death with his bare hands.
Fact: Randy brought a knife to a gun fight and cut a tin can.  It was still sharp enough to disembowel everyone.
Fact: Randy brought a gun to a Ginsu knife infomercial.
Fact: Randy brought a knife to a gun fight.  How else are you going to get the cheese spread on the crackers at the snack table?  Randy always brings snacks to his gun fights.
Fact: Randy is an unlockable character in echo the dolphin.
Fact: Randy makes caviar out of Cavaliers fans. He's turned the wood chipper into a kitchen appliance!
Fact: Randy has a switchblade that looks like a comb. It's how he stays looking so sharp.
Fact: Randy once cut a man clear in half just by how sharply he dressed.
Fact: Randy sells a really sharp pair of shoes. You know the rest of this story.
Fact: ZZ Top wrote the song "Sharp Dressed Man" about Randy. He was also the inspiration for their song "Legs"
Fact: Randy is an abnormal phenomenon in your foot.
Fact: Randy wants to murder a snake charmer with a sledgehammer.
Fact: Randy's nipples are not copywritten
Fact: An optimist sees a glass half full. A pessimist sees a glass half empty. An engineer sees a glass the wrong size. Randy sees just enough gasoline to have some fun.
Fact: When Randy chases a little pig into his house he huffs and he puffs and he passes to the left hand side.
Fact: Randy invented Tie Dye.  He used to just hang people with a neck tie and then wear their blood soaked shirt as a sort of morbid trophy, but one day some dude was all like oh man dude, far out, where'd you get that shirt.
Fact: Randy invented the hokey pokey as a means of isolating your left foot for easy amputation.
Fact: Randy placed the heart-shaped geographical feature on Pluto in the hopes that intergalactic travelers from the Star Wars universe would be the first to view it and would know of his undying devotion to all things Star Wars. Unfortunately some jerks from NASA ruined the surprise.
Fact: During his brief stint as a psychiatrist, Randy experimented with electro-shock therapy. He messed up the voltages and currents, however, and after tweaking his measurements around, is now wanted in thirty-eight states for murder in the first degree.
Fact: Desperate for clinical trials of his electro-shock therapy Randy denied John Coffey's appeals, despite mounting evidence. Now Tom Hanks has nobody to cure his kidney stones.
Fact: The band AC/DC takes their name from Randy's experiments with electro-shock therapy. He experimented to see whether AC or DC currents worked best on the human brain.  Turns out, Tesla was right.
Fact: While in prison, when someone would drop a bar of soap, Randy would just pick it up with the Force so as to avoid a scene.
Fact: Randy has the gall to do just about anything. He harvests it from dead bodies and keeps it in a jar next to his mountain of left feet.
Fact: Randy's collection of gall is known as the Bile Pile.
Fact: Randy made a feature branch, then promptly threw it into his wood chipper.
Fact: Randy used to sharpen his pencils down to the point where he could barely hold on to them to write with.  It is presumed that this was why he was so drawn to the wood chipper later on in life
Fact: Randy knows a dance move that involves switch blades and a sharp pair of shoes. He calls it the "wood chipper" and saves it for emergencies when he's bombing on a date.
Fact: One year, totally strung out on drugs, Randy ran all of the attendees of Woodstock through a wood chipper. At the time he thought this was "totally groovy".
Fact: Randy wrote a Macintosh virus. Some apple orchards went out of business.
Fact: Randy caught a cold once. The virus ended up destroying all OA computers.
Fact: Randy ran his family tree through a wood chipper so no one could trace his origins.
Fact: Randy has three speeds: Fast, Randy, and wood chipper.
Fact: Randy once dated a wood chipper for 2 months.
Fact: Randy's wood chipper girlfriend's name was Brenda.
Fact: They have a son named John Deere
Fact: Randy's wood chipper dating experience didn't go well at first. She got jealous every time he operated the garbage disposal.
Fact: Randy once killed a smart ass child with a grape
Fact: Randy evaded taxes to provoke a tarring and feathering; he sought to invade the home of Edgar Allan Poe.
Fact: Randy lives in a pineapple under Mt. Everest.
Fact: Randy is great at task management. He just puts his backlog through the wood chipper.
Fact: Randy thinks one of our co workers is a real Jaynus
Fact: Randy once told Jays dentist to tell jay to open his Jayhole next time he came in, and couldn't figure out why the guy didn't want to do it.
Fact: Randy and Jay once opened up a knock off purse company called Jaybag. Neither one can figure out why the name is so funny.
Fact: Randy is not the father of Chaos, but he still shows it's mother a good time when he's in town.
Fact: Randy's flavor of Linux is ChaOS.
Fact: Randy has engaged in a violent war against rap music because all of the songs have "feat." in the title.
Fact: Tupac lives, but he's missing his left foot.
Fact: Randy can stand on one foot, but he prefers to stand on his mountain of them.
Fact: Randy actually photobombs every picture ever taken, you just can't see him. He's like a ninja, but better.
Fact: Randy kills all the other ninjas to keep your photos free of pesky ninja photo-bombers.
Fact: Randy likes to cleverly hide left feet in everyone's photos. He's so clever, no one has caught on.
Fact: Randy invented the mousepad, but economic downturn so crippled the rodent real estate market that the idea fell flat onto your desk.
Fact: Randy invented mousewheels which, after the rodent real estate crash, got things rolling again.
Fact: Randy intially panicked when he heard that the stock market crashed, however when he realized that his favorite purveyor of bean stalks was still in business, he was greatly relieved.
Fact: Every time a bell rings, Randy rips off an angel's left foot.
Fact:  Randy can kill you with any food that you chose.  Go ahead... pick one.  He dares you.
Fact: Randy will take beef stroganoff and replace some of the noodles with little tiny wires discreetly running off the plate under the table cloth.  You will sit down and take a big fork full of beef stroganoff and he will run 1 million volts of electricity through your skull, and you will die in an effervescent fire.
Fact: Randy killed a second cow after making beef stroganoff from the first cow he killed with his flaming fist technique.
Fact: Randy will take some jello mix and carefully pour it into a blacksmiths bellows.  He will add the boiling water and creep into your room while you sleep.  Then, he will secretly place a few large blocks of dry ice under your bed to simulate refrigeration, and finally he will drive the mixture down into your lungs gelatinizing instantly.
Fact: Randy will straight up KILL you.
Fact: Randy has strangled a man with spaghetti noodles.
Fact: Randy will tie thousands of ramen noodles together to make a rope and lasso you. Then he'll throw the other end into a wood chipper. He just sits there and eats a bowl of beef noodles as he watches you slowly get dragged to your death.
Fact: Randy once "accidentally" killed the child living down the street from him.  The child ate some ants and Randy called the ER.  He said this kid ate some ants we need help, and they said oh that's no big deal, he should be fine, and Randy said ok, so I should tell him to stop eating the ant killer then?
Fact: Randy helps Clippy use Microsoft Word.
Fact: Randy once played a game of battleship.  Never forget pearl harbor.
Fact: Randy ended the Dark Ages with a game of chess.
Fact: In space, no one can hear you scream. Except for Randy. He wants you to stop, it's really annoying.
Fact: Randy is the thing Meatloaf won't do for love.
Fact: Many people believe the man on the moon is Randy, it's not, but Randy put him there, in an effort to escape his ringtone.
Fact: The only reason Randy allows Charlies ringtone to continue, is that he really likes dipping his chicken nuggets in the blood that seeps out of peoples ears when the phone rings.
Fact: Randy throws annoying kids into wood chippers because he can't get close enough to Charlie's phone to destroy it.
Fact: It's hard to dance to Charlie's ringtone after Randy has cut off your left feet.
Fact: Randy hates Charlie's ringtone.
Fact: Charlie's ringtone is Randy's only known weakness
Fact: Randy is in his final form right now, having been weakened from his former God-like stature by Charlie's ringtone.
Fact: Randy gives enemy aircraft a sliver of hope just before shooting them down.
Fact: 'Sliver of Hope' is the name of Randy's line of ground-to-air missiles
Fact: Randy manufactures silver missiles for aircraft that have been bitten by werewolves.
Fact: A scientist once fuzed the loudness of Charlie's phone with the quietness of Randy's voice.  The result was Rosie O'Donnell.
Fact: If Randy used all of his bags to wrap Charlie’s phone you would still be able to hear it through the bags.
Fact: Randy once got a 11.8 in the X-Games by performing a perfect 360 Pop Shove No Guarantee.
Fact: Randy was once awarded a medal for a first-place finish in Ski Jumping. At the summer games.
Fact: Randy is the only man to successfully complete the lava bucket challenge.
Fact: Randy has never been selected as a finalist in the Publisher's Clearing House sweepstakes.
Fact: Randy once raided a vampire den. He killed so many of them by the time he was done they literally had to sweep stakes.
Fact: Bloody vampire stakes are the only wooden objects thrown through Randy's wood chipper.
Fact: Randy always gets a discount from wood chipper salesmen. You know why that is, don't you?
Fact: Randy often dreams of making small creeks run red. He hasn't collected enough blood yet to make that a reality, however.
Fact: There are a few streams of water naturally forming in Randy's foot pile that run red. But they are far too small to be considered a creek.
Fact: The office is much more peaceful without Charlie's phone.  snap... wrong channel.
Fact: Randy will not cut the left foot off of a creature with balls for feet.
Fact: Randy has a new arch nemesis. and his name is jay.
Fact: Randy is able to find any object via echo location. He simply calls out "WHERE THE FUCK IS THE ______?" and that object knows better than to keep quiet.
Fact: One day Randyfacts will reach a climax... but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy wrote a pun about a pickup truck. It was a double one-ton-dra.
Fact: Randy has robbed a bank for the good of humanity.
Fact: Randy has performed unspeakable acts of evil for the greater good.
Fact: Randy has performed unspeakable acts of good for the greater evil.
Fact: Randy has performed unspeakable acts of neutrality for... absolutely no reason.
Fact: Randy can drive a car in neutral.
Fact: Randy won the Indianapolis 500 with his car in neutral the whole time.
Fact: The only war that Switzerland has engaged in since 1815 has been a war with Randy.
Fact: Randy won the only war that Switzerland has engaged in since 1815 while riding his horse in neutral.
Fact: The neutron bomb was invented when Randy decided that he wanted to see more Jeff Bridges movies.
Fact: When Randy finally saw Tron 2, he detonated his neutron bomb.
Fact: Randy has never been nice to a newborn. Not even his twin brother. He even tried to cut off Bobby's left foot in the womb.
Fact: After defeating him in Waterloo, Randy systematically tortured Napoleon Bonaparte by removing all of his tendons and soft tissue. It's the best way he could think to take Napoleon's  bones apart.
Fact: Randy only wears a baseball cap when he is upset, so that when he get's really angry he can shout in all caps.
Fact: You may not like Randy when he's angry, but he's probably angry because you told him you didn't like him.
Fact: Randy has never had to make up for lost time. He's got a pretty organized spice cupboard.
Fact: Randy doesn't like to star in his own movies... but he has occasionally gone super nova in them.
Fact: After absolutely killing at a fashion show where he wore fish nets, Randy decided not to wear them anymore in order to spare human lives. This is the original meaning of "Net Neutrality"
Fact: When most people steal someone's jokes, they just reuse old material from another comedian. When Randy steals one he actually surgically removes part of the comedian's brain so that only he can have it.
Fact: Randy once used a gun to kill time.
Fact: Randy likes to joke that "a mime is a terrible thing to waste." He'd much rather throw him in the fish tank and let Fast Eddie feed on his corpse.
Fact: Randy saw the movie Space Balls before they finished filming it.
Fact: Randy is able to shift a car into Lawful Neutral, Chaotic Neutral, and True Neutral.
Fact: Randy once shifted a car into Lawful Evil to get out of a speeding ticket.
Fact: When Randy takes his car to the shop, the alignment is always off.
Fact: Randy has a hard time driving his car in True Neutral. It's such a moral dilemma since he's always passing other people without cars and wants to keep balance by giving them the car. But then they have a car and he doesn't and that's not kosher either. He once gave a homeless person a car and then stole it back 14 times. Finally, he shifted into Chaotic Neutral and drove them both off a cliff.
Fact: 347 people have died due to a misunderstanding at T-Bones about what "Free Chip Friday" really meant.
Fact: Randy keeps a dragon in a bag of holding on his person at all times, just in case the need arises to impress an otherwise uninterested girl.
Fact: Every 3rd week in November, Randy travels to Australia to collect bounties on rogue wallabies for a Kangaroo Court.
Fact: When Randy is representin' his hood, people don't even realize it without special equipment. His gang colors are outside the spectrum of colors visible to the human eye.
Fact: Randy eats chicken but only the left drumstick
Fact: Randy managed to turn his snow speeder sideways and fly through the legs of an AT-AT just so he could run his tow cable through the middle and catch JUST the left feet.
Fact: Randy fought the law. You can guess who won. Nevermind, I'll tell you. It was Randy.
Fact: Randy does cocaine like most people: From a sock.
Fact: Element 151 on the periodic table is UnunRandium. It was originally just Randium but science wasn't yet ready for it, so it got reversed. Later Randy flipped it back.
Fact: The saying used to be "Randy got your left foot", but that scared both the children and adults too much, so it was later changed to "Cat got your tongue"
Fact: Randy exchanges Randyfacts for lives at the 5&amp;10 in Carnegie.
Fact: There are no duplicate facts about Randy because the universe references his life experiences by UUID
Fact: Randy's UUID is 42.Fact: Randy is afraid of the Extermination Level dust cloud that would be created if he fell out of a plane and hit the ground.
Fact: Randy is afraid of toast without any butter on it.
Fact: Randy is more afraid of Jack Swigert doing drugs while piloting an aircraft than an aircraft being hi-jacked.
Fact: Randy butters his bread from the inside out, and he single-handedly laid to waste both nations of Yooks and Zooks with a single tough-tufted Snick-Berry Switch.
Fact: Randy brought his Roomba on a magic carpet ride.
Fact: In Randy's quest to eliminate all "cool" letters that fall before "R" in the English alphabet, he killed a hippo.
Fact: Every day is thanksgiving. Randy, thanks for not throwing my left foot into a wood chipper today!
Fact: Randy's biggest nemeses are para- and quadri-plegics. He has never been able to claim their left feet, and thus cannot conquer them.
Fact: Randy also has trouble defeating paratroopers, but that's for a different reason.
Fact: Randy keeps trying to put a parachutes on a pair of feet.
Fact: Randy deals quad damage to spiders.
Fact: Randy deals spider damage to people's quads
Fact: 1. Randy swears a lot 2. He's very sorry. 3. 1 and 2 are lies, 4. but he thinks you can fuck off anyway.
Fact: Randy *could* beat you in cornhole, but he'd prefer to beat you to death.
Fact: Randy has a free parachute, but you have to go get it from the dead body in his backyard.
Fact: The last time Randy boxed Travis he woke up in a FedEx truck.
Fact: Randy ships exclusively through FedEx.
Fact: Next to Randy's mountain of left feet is a field of lost shoes. They made a movie about it in 2014.
Fact: They'll come even if Randy doesn't build it.
Fact: If Randy builds it... Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Frankly Randy, I don't give a damn.
Fact: Randy? Where we're going, we don't need Randy.
Fact: Randy, I've a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore.
Fact: Compared to Randy, we're all just dust in the wind.
Fact: Randy, James Randy
Fact: Randy always said life was like a box of left feet, you never know what you're gonna get.
Fact:
Fact: For over a thousand generations, the Randy were the guardians of peace and justice in the Old Republic — before the dark times. Before the Empire.
Fact: There's no guarantees in life. Randy might just cut off your right foot.
Fact: When Randy cuts off the right foot, he's standing in front of you, and it's the one on HIS right.
Fact: When Randy cuts off your foot that's on his left side, it's because he's sneaking up on you.
Fact: It took 5 of us to not catch a rabbit on Friday.  If Randy was there to help, it would have been 5 of us plus Randy.
Fact: Randy was once the largest supplier of lucky rabbits feet in the western hemisphere.
Fact: It's difficult for Rabbits to hop without any left paws.
Fact: All the people that Randy has taken left feet from are now named Eileen, because they all lean to the left now
Fact: Time, Dr. Randy? Is it really that … time again? It seems as if you only just arrived. [G-Man "walks out" from the explosion] You've done a great deal in a small time … span. You've done so well, in fact, that I've received some interesting offers for your services. Ordinarily I wouldn't contemplate them, but these are extra … ordinary times. Rather than offer you the illusion of free choice, I will take the liberty of choosing for you … if and when your time comes round again. [extracts Randy from the Citadel and enters the "black void" from the begining of the game] I do apologize for what must seem to you an arbitrary imposition, Dr. Randy.  I trust it will all make sense to you in the course of … [pauses] well, I'm really not at liberty to say. In the meantime … this is where I get off.
[The G-Man smiles and leaves Randy in stasis.]
Fact: Randy tried to dig to the center of the Earth by cutting the left feet off of a herd of rabbits and making them jump in circles. With the rate of reproduction at the time, it was taking too long, so Randy modified their DNA so that the rabbits would reproduce much quicker and continue digging the hole. The experiment ended when the dig site struck a pocket of magma and hot gas causing an eruption. We know it as Mt. St. Helens.
Fact: Randy drops like he should have invented the raincoat.
Fact: Randy has trouble building tanks because he keeps getting surrounded by separatist rebels.
Fact: In an alternate timeline, Randy forcibly injected vowels into Josh Gmys. Josh immediately exploded. Some things just weren't meant to be.
Fact: Randy brings someone else's game face to competitions. That always seems to have a bigger impact.
Fact: This isn't even Randy's final form.
Fact: The first time Randy saw a power level over 9000 he chuckled.
Fact: Randy took out Rhonda Rousey in a fight.  It was 33 seconds long.
Fact: When Randy goes to get Chinese food, he actually goes to China, and just gets regular food there.
Fact: Randy beat Obama in an arm wrestling match
Fact: All sky scrapers are dedicated to Randy... but Eric wants to throw him off the 3rd floor.
Fact: Randy doesn't like e-mails. He prefers snail males.
Fact: Randy once melted a nestlies crunch bar and wiped it on the back of this dudes pants on the bus to hide the fact that he farted.
Fact: Randy swims through concrete.
Fact: Randy likes pickled pigs feet, so he pickled one of his victims left feet once to see if it was just as good.  It wasn't.
Fact: Randy has already won the 2016 Presidential election; we’ll be voting for his shapeshifted form.
Fact: Randy's blood is made of pure awesomesauce.
Fact: Randy is the Wizard of Oz-some
Fact: Randy loves Ragu; when he sees it at the grocery store, he exclaims, “Aw! Some sauce!"
Fact: When Randy plays Legend of Zelda he plays the part of Ganon and has to fight through dungeons in order to kidnap the princess and steal the triforce.
Fact: When Randy plays Tetris he has to remove blocks from a completed building... and then reestablish the soviet union.
Fact: When Randy plays Super Mario Bros. he can run to the left.
Fact: Randy once took a bubble bath with Emilio Estivez.
Fact: USSR stands for United States Sans Randy.
Fact: The directors cut of the Mighty Ducks shows the ducks losing in the finals to Randy. They cut the scene because they couldn't make a sequel if they left in the segment where he throws them into a wood chipper.
Fact: Randy starred in the original The Breakfast Club. He bludgeoned a group of students to death with a sausage and drove away in a pretty sweet Monster Truck.
Fact: Star Wars: ROTJ was originally meant to be Randy Obliterates the Jedi, but George Lucas wanted to leave it open for episodes 7 8 and 9 and instead had Luke win
Fact: Randy takes candy from babies.  He said its as easy as it sounds.
Fact: Randy ate porridge with George, he gorged. He placed his orange four inch door hinge he forged in storage.
Fact: Randy sells sea shells by the sea shore.
Fact: Randy swims in a sea inside of a pineapple.
Fact: Randy always eats pineapple... Eric doesn't want to talk about it
Fact: Randy is actually confirmation of Half-Life 3. He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is familiar with Grey's Anatomy... but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Contrary to Steely Dan's popular message, Randy is not a fool to do your Dirty Work. He enjoys contract killing.
Fact: There has never been a letter of the day on Sesame Street. Randy is just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy doesn't have to dig for resources in MineCraft. He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mine tricks.
Fact: They weren't the droids Randy was looking for... but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Horton never really heard a who. Randy's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: More people die from disappointing Randy than any top 3 diseases combined.
Fact: Randy can divide by 0
Fact: Mel Brooks stopped making comedies because Randy hasn't caught up on the his movies yet.
Fact: During the 40's Randy went by the name Audie Murphy
Fact: The last time Randy ate spinach he killed Pluto.
Fact: The last time Randy got Starbucks, he tried to buy the sun.
Fact: Randy once dove into a wood chipper to save a smart-ass child who had fallen in accidentally. He promptly threw him back in. It just would have been unfortunate if had been an accident.
Fact: Randy knew it was in there.
Fact: One time during a pow-wow Randy busted such a sick rain dance routine that the rain spirits showed up and were just like, "Damn, we just got served."
Fact: Randy does not condone Monkey raping, or any kind of raping for that matter.
Fact: Randy served as a footman in the English army during the 100 years war. Every time someone's foot was cut off he would replace it with a fresh one from his pile.
Fact: Randy has used his wood chipper to make wood pulp and produce paper... although he prefers to beat people into a bloody pulp.
Fact: Randyfacts are not even real. Randy's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: At any given point Randy may add an extra electron to all molecules in the universe. But he tries to stay positive.
Fact: Randy is able to power a large city for about a month and a half from a single performance of the Electric Slide.
Fact: Randy once won a dance competition by handing all the other contestants 2 left feet each before they started.
Fact: In the middle ages Randy was a well known reality tv star, winning So You Think You Can Lance several years in a row.
Fact: In the stone age Randy was a well known reality tv star, winning So You Think You Can Sling several years in a row.
Fact: In prehistoric times Randy was a well known reality tv star, winning Pangaea's Got Talent several eons in a row.
Fact: In the Crusades Randy was a well known heretic tv star, winning American Idolatry several years in a row.
Fact: When Randy was a baby his bed was so luxurious that MTV created a TV show about it.
Fact: When MTV stopped playing music in favor of reality shows Randy slaughtered the entire studio. The problem only got worse because he killed all of the people who knew how to make music videos.
Fact: Randy killed video, and through a complicated string of events was largely responsible for the death of the radio star, but successfully framed video for it.
Fact: Randy wants to get over 9,000 Randyfacts.
Fact: Randy once wrote a screenplay.  He took it to Hollywood but no one understood why anyone would want to watch a movie about snails mating.
Fact: Randy has a farmers market, he doesn't sell much since slavery has been outlawed, but he swears that what's old can become new again so he stays open.
Fact: Randy sells farmers.
Fact: Randy is the technology behind IBM’s Watson.
Fact: Randy became the first to survive the “Niagara Plunge” because he did go chasing waterfalls. He also got to meet George Clooney on the set of ER because he did want scrubs. Randy loves TLC because he actively rejects the messages in their music. Maybe.
Fact: Randy's farmers market spawned a cottage industry. Since then Farmers Insurance and Farmers Markets have been springing up across the country.
Fact: Randy's elbows double as flotation devices.
Fact: Randy saw a table (on wheels) rolling down a hill towards a small child; he discussed the table, and the table stopped.
Fact: Randy has never eaten macaroni and cheese in the Eiffel tower. Space aliens have never attacked France. Scientists believe that this is no mere coincidence.
Fact: Any time that Randy is in a meeting and says the phrase "let's table this for now" he really wants to put the rest of the meeting participants on a torture rack and stab them with heated daggers.
Fact: Randy often confuses tables for torture chambers.
Fact: In 1935, Randy celebrated his seven-billionth birthday.
Fact: There's a fine line between randy knowing you and Randy liking you. It's usually piano wire.
Fact: Randy has actually tasted Halley's comet.
Fact: In 1938 Randy spoke Morgan Freeman into existence.
Fact: Randy tried to release a spoken word album but nobody can listen to his wisdom without their head exploding. The movie Raiders of the Lost Ark is based on the album's failed release.
Fact: Randy has a spoken word album, if you turn it all the way up you *may* hear what he says on it.
Fact: It's believed that in 1941 the Germans invaded Yugoslavia in order to continue spreading over Europe. Really they were trying to kill Randy who was hiding there at the time.
Fact: Randy lives in a castle he made with a bucket and a tiny plastic shovel.
Fact: When you visit the amusement park Sandcastle you just Find Randy's secret lair. He puts you in a trance, experiments on your families left feet, and then sends you home with memories of riding rides and playing at a water park.
Fact: Randy tried to make a spoken word album but every time he recorded it it sounded up beat rock and roll music. Eventually he sold the albums under the stage name Elvis Presley.
Fact: There are more hairs on Randy's head than stars on the Hollywood walk of fame.
Fact: Randy blows his nose in paper currency only.  Not because he's so rich or anything, he just likes to see people grab his boogers.  It's disgusting.  He calls it the booger bill, but I don't think it's gonna catch on.
Fact: Randy's bugger bills catch on the sides of the wishing well on their way down. They are very sticky.
Fact: Randy also blows his nose on water foul.
Fact: When Randy picks his nose, he usually picks the same one. He thinks it's comfortable and it's really grown on him.
Fact: Randy can pick whatever nose he likes.
Fact: Randyfact quotas drastically reduce quality of randyfacts. Case &amp; point.
Fact: The american dream is not to have 1.5 children and a white picket fence. It's to be like Randy.
Fact: Randy once threw 1.5 children into a wood chipper. He saved the other half for the next day.
Fact: Randy only cuts the left feet off of people wearing quality socks.
Fact: There once was a man from Nantucket. Randy didn't like his language so he duct taped his mouth shut and sent him back.
Fact: Randy participates in track meets for the local college. He trains by installing railroad tracks around the field and gathering coal for the engine. At the beginning of the race he just runs down all of the other racers with the train and then casually strolls over the finish line.
Fact: Randy had a stint as a Veterinarian, but it didn't last long. People stopped bringing their pets when he would break the legs of every animal brought to be spayed or neutered.  His philosophy is "if it ain't broke, don't fix it!"
Fact: When Randy tells time, time obeys.
Fact: When Randy is waiting for software to install he goes to the progress bar and orders a double.
Fact: Randy installs his software with a Wizard. He would install it with a dragon, but none of them use a Mac.
Fact: Every Friday Randy sends the authorities a to-size screen print of satellite imagery layered onto a Mercator projection with the heading “Where’s Randy?"
Fact: Randy beat Contra without using the code
Fact: Randy has played a game of jenga with dead bodies instead of wooden blocks.  It went as can be expected.
Fact: One moment: Randy changes the world. The next moment: We’re all on Mars.
Fact: The children's show Boohbah is a visual representation to how Randy's mind works. It looks really stupid to the casual viewer but it is actually made with the language of pure mathematics that only the smartest beings can understand.
Fact: Randy once won an underwater breathing contest… against a fish. It then became the first inhabitant of his tank.
Fact: 3:16 AM is the time that Randy introduced “Stone Cold” Steve Austin to E.T.
Fact: Randy would run for public office, but there is no such thing as the Office of Awesome.
Fact: Randy faked the moon landing in 1969. He had already built a water park on the moon and if anyone found out there would just be long lines.
Fact: Randy transplanted Action Park to the Moon in 1997. Physics was a bit friendlier to park-goers.
Fact: When Randy invented the rides for Action Park he was feeling a little loopy.
Fact: Randy knows there is more than one way to skin Cat Stevens. Stevens changed his name to avoid Randy.
Fact: Randy has never experienced a loop on a roller coaster. The earth always loops itself around him in submission.
Fact: Most conversations about Randy's roller coaster design will go full circle.
Fact: Randy's car doubles as a land speeder.
Fact: Some fear the imminent Randyfact Y2K, but Randy’s not worried; the value of left feet is orthogonal to imaginary economic cataclysms.
Fact: Randy once held a boombox over his head at a girls house.  They called the cops.  Apparently he's the only one in Carnegie that likes the Spin Doctors.
Fact: Randy passed the torch in the 1978 Olympic games. This was the last time because of how much stress it put on his kidney function.
Fact: Randy passed the torch in the 1978 Olympic games. Johnny Storm hates second place.
Fact: Randy once tried to see how many hot dogs he could eat in 11 minutes.  The answer is half of one.
Fact: In 1981 Muhammad Ali retired from boxing because he heard that Randy was thinking of taking up the sport.
Fact: Randy has taken up boxing.  He keeps all his shit in boxes.
Fact: Randy sets the President. Your vote doesn’t matter.
Fact: Randy invented Puppy Chow for people but when he observed that dogs liked it better he adjusted the formula.
Fact: The Earth is round because Randy isn't very good at drawing straight lines.
Fact: Randy used to spike the chicken noodle soup at Eat'n'Park. He still does but he used to too.
Fact: Randy likes to dance with the devil in the pale moonlight.
Fact: You have to hand it to Randy. He sure has a lot of severed left feet in his pile.
Fact: You don't have to hand it to Randy. He prefers left feet.
Fact: Randy feared for his life once; he couldn't find his pulse...cannon.
Fact: Once Randy has collected enough left feet he has a sinister plot in store for hands.
Fact: Randy holds the deed to the Earth but he temporarily gave control of the world to Mike Meyers twice in order to make the Wayne's World movies.
Fact: Randy has the Super Mario Bros Underwater theme set for his ringtone whenever he receives a Call of of Cthulhu.
Fact: Randy once forded a fjord in a Ford with Harrison Ford.
Fact: Randy planned the death of Kurt Kobain in order to secretly launch his favorite band from the future, the Foo Fighters.
Fact: Randy once circumvented several situations by circumcising seventeen circus swingers.
Fact: The Hoover dam was created to contain Randy's massive intellect. When it was found that it wasn't big enough, they used it to hold water.
Fact: Randy once played an impressively neutral bassline while tripping on acid.
Fact: Little known fact: There is a basement in the OpenArc building. It is where Randy performs left-foot-ectomys
Fact: Randy has eaten more potato salad than you.  But he likes it hot.  Which is gross.
Fact: Randyfacts are never truly dead. There are always still here... in our hearts.
Fact: I don't know what I'm going to do with myself when Randyfacts is down.
Fact: Randyfacts don't play while Randy's away.
Fact: The inaugural hack of Randyfacts was not committed by Cam.
Fact: Hacking Randyfacts is _always_ an inside job.
Fact: Hot potato salad is enough to break RandyFacts.
Fact: Nicholas cage stole HOFF9000
Fact: Randy once killed a ninja turtle with a bash shell command.
Fact: Nicholas Cage punched Randyfacts in a bear suit.
Fact: Randyfacts likes to wear bear suits.
Fact: It's difficult for Randy to shop for insurance because no insurance company will cover acts of Randy.
Fact: Randy has reverse DNA in him.
Fact: Randy's reverse DNA is bound together by dark energy, anti-matter bonds. As he walks through the world, it is constantly annihilating the world around it and simultaneously tearing apart the fabric of space to let him tread between universes.
Fact: When Randy traverses the fabric of space time, he calls that a spacewalk. This is not to be confused with a moonwalk, where he puts leashes on small planets and drags them around the solar system.
Fact: Observing Randy backwards involves seeing left feet get reattached to people's bloody stumps.
Fact: Randy does not store Dry Erase markers upside down.
Fact: Randy does store left feet upside down so the blood drains properly. Can't have improperly drained left feet lying around.
Fact: Randy purchases Dry Erase markers from an upside down store.
Fact: randy is the only object in the universe to have a negative mass.
Fact: Randy sought to give others a negative mass; he drank all of the holy water.
Fact: Randy is the reason why Dryers create so much static electricity on clothing.
Fact: Randy created static electricity for his own entertainment. He likes seeing people with their hair sticking up.
Fact: Randy ended World War 2 by flying a Zeppelin through the Black Forest and generating a bolt of lightning from static electricity that struck and killed Hitler instantly.
Fact: World War 2 was started because Randy hates Japanese movies. They named it the Pacific Theater out of spite.
Fact: Sirens went extinct one year when Randy went on a cruise of the Mediterranean  and entertained the crew with his singing aboard the ship.
Fact: Randy's favorite siren is named "Klaxon"
Fact: Randy recently made a remake of the Commodore 64 game Zaxxon, which his favorite siren, Klaxon, sang the soundtrack for.
Fact: Randy's favorite movie quote is "waxon" from the Karate Kid.
Fact: Randy's favorite part of nerve cells is the axon.
Fact: Right before the 2000th randyfact we were very lax on ideas.
Fact: Randy has a pet tapeworm named squiggles.
Fact: #define noguarantees(x) if ((x) &amp;&amp; (rand() &lt; RAND_MAX * 0.99))
Fact: For $129.99, Randy will fly an X-Wing over your house and clean your your laundry vent with a pair of proton torpedoes. This usually will also destroy your entire house, but the lint will be gone and it's fucking awesome to watch happen.
Fact: Randy once thwarted a platoon of tanks moving to flank the general by pounding the ground with his fist and creating a giant chasm that swallowed the tanks. This maneuver became known as a General Protection Fault.
Fact: Randy tells Navi to listen.
Fact: Randy was originally going to be the voice of Siri. However, he doesn't have time to answer everyone's questions all day long and people kept trying to make him swear at them. Also, fuck Apple.
Fact: Randy eats Apple for breakfast.
Fact: Randy took the bite out of the Apple logo
Fact: The Target logo is pictorially analogous to the U.S. military’s most advanced radar focused on a spot where Randy stands.
Fact: Randy begrudgingly forfeited one of his left feet to use in Dr. Frankensteins monster.... FOR SCIENCE!
Fact: Randy invented bees.
Fact: Randy invented the way that the Bee-Gees walk.
Fact: Randy pulled a hat out of a rabbit, and his television remote started working again.
Fact: Randy's catchphrase in the movies right before he shoots the bad guy is "Fee Fi Fo Fuck You" *bang*
Fact: Randy feels lucky, punk.
Fact: Randy says *bang* after shooting someone.
Fact: It's a terrible catchphrase because it would insinuate Randy was a Giant,  which he is not.
Fact: I mean, think about it who the heck says Fee Fi Fo Fuck You?
Fact: Like no one, that's who
Fact: When Randy says bang after shooting someone, the sky turns dark so you know he said it in bold font.
Fact: The writers of the movie Die Hard had to change Bruce Willis' his catch phrase because Randy was already using it.
Fact: Randy walks into explosions.
Fact: Randy's catchphrase is number one on the list of least memorable catchphrases.
Fact: Randy has been known to shoot people playing the game Catch Phrase before shooting the bad guy.
Fact: Don't let Eric choose your catchphrase
Fact: We're not letting it go.
Fact: Once a phrase has been caught by Randy, he never lets it go.
Fact:  When it comes to Catch Phrase limits Randy does not abide by catch and release laws.
Fact: This is the most offensive Randy Fact.
Fact: Randy was the big bad wolf from the story, but he also sold straw, sticks, and clay bricks. He made a killing selling building materials just before acquiring his pork dinner.
Fact: Randy is actually the big bad wolf. He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy shits zombies.
Fact: Someone asked Randy to make them a sandwich. With faux-obsequious obedience, he obliged. After all, there's nothing like boneless human on rye.
Fact: Randy doesn't take the cake... unless it's shaped like a severed left foot.
Fact: Randy is the only known person to blow his nose with someone elses nose.
Fact: Randy goes to costume parties as the devil. He pretends to shoot fire by using a lighter to ignite hairspray. The cast of the play doesn't appreciate the effort he puts into his costume as they slowly burn to death.
Fact: Randy agrees that you can pick your friends, you just can't pick your friend's nose.
Fact: Randy exhorted Peppy Hare to do a barrel roll.
Fact: Randy was born with an adamantium spoon in his mouth.
Fact: You will like Randy when he’s angry.
Fact: Randy IS Ashley Madison.
Fact: When Randy was a baby he campaigned for Fisher Price controls.
Fact: Randy thought the film Armageddon was weak historical fiction. He remarked, "Since when do I look like an asteroid?"
Fact: They made Armageddon about Randy because his part in history failed to make a Deep Impact.
Fact: Randy is the head chef and proprietor of Carnegie's new Bakn restaurant, apparently.  <http://eatbakn.com/#hungry-about-us>
Fact: Randy's preferred protocol for packet transfer is UDP.
Fact: Randy is the lord of the dantz because he really likes techno music! ...dantz dantz dantz dantz dantz
Fact: Randy is the lord of the Danza, because he really likes Who's the Boss
Fact: Randy is the one people are referring to when they describe an action as having been performed in the manner of "a boss".
Fact: Randy once proved that C is not for cookie by murdering a smart ass muppet in a wood chipper.
Fact: Randy once proved that V is not for vendetta by murdering an enemy of the government in a wood chipper.
Fact: Randy once proved that rat poison is not just for rats by murdering a small child and disposing of the body in a wood chipper.
Fact: Randy once proved that I is not in TEAM by gouging out all of Cleveland Brown's eyes and throwing them in a wood chipper.
Fact: Randy loves rockets.
Fact: Randy spins evil magic fueled by the soles of the innocent. He figures if he's got all these left shoes lying around, he might as well do something with them.
Fact: Randy enjoys convincing ghosts that they are still alive so that he can watch them slowly put together their own demise and suffer emotional breakdowns from beyond the grave. The movie the 6th Sense is loosely based on Randy's life.
Fact: Randy convinced his fifth grade teacher that the original Xbox was a 3D treasure map.
Fact: Randy was born with a silver spoon in his hand. Before he was born he was a criminal mastermind that had broken into several expensive department stores and a federal reserve bank.
Fact: Randy once made a lovely quilt by sewing together pieces of the fabric of time and space.
Fact: Randy was born with a silver longsword +3 in his mouth, and used it to immediately slay the werewolf doctor that had delivered him.
Fact: Randy's fallen enemies send him thank you letters from the underworld.
Fact: Randy is my favorite South Park character.
Fact: Randy's fantasy football team name is RG3PO
Fact: The name Randy means "Please sir. Please don't throw me in a wood chipper."
Fact: Randy commented that "A duck's quack doesn't echo, and no one knows why."
Fact: Randy ran Oliver through the wood chipper a 2nd time, because he asked for it.
Fact: Randy once worked at Traff-O-Data, Bill Gates' first business.
Fact: Former Steeler's kicker Larry Foote was born a Siamese twin. Fortunately his doctor at the time was Randy and he was successfully able to remove the Left Foote.
Fact: Randy loves stuffed crust pizza.  He usually stuffs his crust full of smart ass children and kneads his dough in a wood chipper.
Fact: Randy is able to keep his god-like powers by eating nothing but pizza logs.
Fact: Randy’s mom has no trouble accepting Copernican heliocentrism; her son is indeed the center of the universe.
Fact: Erron doesn't like anyone here except Randy. Randy has yet to throw Erron into a wood chipper, but we think that's coincidence.
Fact: Erron would be honored to be thrown into a wood chipper by Randy.
Fact: Randy published a cookbook for dark mages titled the Omnomnomicon.
Fact: WWRD never really caught on because it basically amounted to "Whatever the fuck he wants" and that was usually something that no one other than Randy was capable of.
Fact: On-demand television delivery services were delayed so long because Randy wanted to watch everything... at the same time.
Fact: Bobby is a doppleganger who can take on anybody's likeness and replace them. He's been trying to take over Randy's life for decades, but so far all attempts have been unsuccessful.
Fact: Randy ended the Roman Empire by combining pasta with anti-pasta during lunch one day.
Fact: Marinara sauce was invented when Romans observed Randy throw a centurion into a wood chipper that had accidentally been parked next to a noodle cart.
Fact: Marina sauce was invented when Romans observed Randy throw a centurion into a wood chipper that had accidentally been parked next to a noodle boat.
Fact: Ave Maria sauce was invented when Romans observed Randy throw a choir boy into a wood chipper that had accidentally been parked next to a noodle cart.
Fact: Marine sauce was invented when the Romans observed Randy throw a noodle boat into a wood chipper that was accidentally parked next to a noodle cart.
Fact: Randy has a dog named Tiger.
Fact: Randy threw the Brady Bunch kids into a wood chipper and stole their dog.
Fact: Randy burned penny with an Iron.
Fact: Randy is Tony the tiger, and he doesn't actually think they're that great.
Fact: Randy used to be on the Rice Crispies box and the cereal used to be shaped like broken bones.  They still used snap crackle and pop as their slogan tho.
Fact: Randy caught a leprechaun once and forced him to make sugary cereal infused with magic.  The cereal is not magic however just magically delicious.
Fact: Randy can cook a toasters strudel in his armpit.
Fact: Randy is not coo coo for cocoa puffs, but he is hungry for a bowl of brown stuff.
Fact: Randy loves breakfast, but will never eat sausage unless it gives him super powers.
Fact: There are always more churros. Randy will show you where to look.
Fact: Randy's blood type is nacho.
Fact: Randy has proclaimed Erron as the indisputable king of Sirsday.
Fact: After failing to destroy the evidence in a wood chipper Randy has proclaimed Erron the indisposable king of Sirsday.
Fact: Randy, wielding a pizza cutter: “Why so Sirious?"
Fact: Randy has interrupted the launch sequence of a rocket by blowing out a match.  Sure it was a bottle rocket, but he feels it's an accomplishment so why not post it?
Fact: When Houston had a problem, yo, Randy solved it, and everyone else checked out the hook while his DJ revolved it.
Fact: Randy really enjoys it when people shoot roman candles off of their heads. The Romans didn't. All of the gunfire was frightening and they had trouble reading at night when all the candles were destroyed.
Fact: When Whitney Houston had a problem Randy got into the cocaine business.
Fact: When Jay-Z had a problem, yo, Randy solved it; he said, “Down to 98.” while his DJ revolved it.
Fact: When Randy's math teacher had a problem Randy busted out his calculator while his DJ solved it.
Fact: Randy's Calculator is named after the Full House character D. J. Tanner.
Fact: Randy tried to join a rapping competition but when he found out that the sign was misspelled Eric didn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy's terminal velocity is approximately 3 AU/sec.
Fact: Randy is the ultimate fishing bait.  I once tied him to a rope, threw him in a lake, and caught a large mouth bass.
Fact: Randy once caught a large mouth bass... red handed. It was stealing people's hands and Randy had to assert his domination on the severed limb market.
Fact: Randy will be front.
Fact: Randy once proved red hands aren't for fish by throwing a large mouth bass into a wood chipper.
Fact: The board game Candyland was actually based on a much more brutal and child unfriendly game Randyland. They still share the same concept that no matter what your skill level, there's no guarantee you're going to win. Unless of course you're Randy.
Fact: The original Candyland was considered a kid's game because Randy temporarily stopped throwing smart ass children into a wood chipper while he was playing.
Fact: Candyland is an ideal game for the children that are left after Randy's disposal of all the smart-ass ones in a wood chipper.
Fact: Randy often referred to throwing smart-ass children into wood chippers as "taking them to Randyland".
Fact: Randy also invented the game Chutes and Ladders, although it was originally named "Shoots and Adders." He puts a puff adder on the floor and shoots at people's feet shouting "dance!". The player with the least fatal injury when Randy runs out of bullets wins.
Fact: The average lifespan of a snail is "whenever Randy gets bored with him." Scientists and Pete struggle with understanding this unit of measurement.
Fact: Randy makes the best charliefacts.
Fact: Randy once got annoyed and threw charlie's phone so hard it flew far enough through space and time to create the "Wow!" signal in 1977.
Fact: Randy once visited Japan. They made several movies about it but critics complain that they got his dorsal spikes and atomic breath all wrong.
Fact: Randy's brain gives zombies indigestion.
Fact: When Randy goes back in time, moments notice!
Fact: Light and sound used to travel at the same speed. Randy decided he wanted to see the lightning before he heard the thunder so he told photons they needed to get their shit together and hurry up.
Fact: Randy waited until a very specific note was written on Mozart's unfinished requiem  before murdering him. We invented the phrase "on that note" to commemorate the event.
Fact: Randy knows how many grains of sand are on the beach. This is because his side business involves counting granules of controlled substances after organizing them into lines.
Fact: It's coke. Randy sells coke.
Fact: Randy's subconscious is armed with torpedoes.
Fact: Randy can burp the ABC's better than you can.
Fact: Randy once cried a river. It eventually became known as the Nile and was the first river to flow north.
Fact: Randy has never been part of a LARP group, but he did create his own form of it called LARPHO, which was "Live-Action Ripping Peoples' Heads Off". Randy thought this was definitely a lot of fun, but everyone else was torn about it.
Fact: Randy is actually a pacifist.  Actually, he's more of a pass-a-fist, as in he's going to pass a fist through your chest and rip out your still beating heart.
Fact: Randy was one of the original Marx brothers and called himself LARPHO. Unfortunately it was as a brother of Karl Marx and nobody knew that the political executions were supposed to be pretend.
Fact: Many people think Randy can actually slap the taste out of your mouth, he can not, but after he slaps you, everything tastes like blood.
Fact: When Randy talks smack, it's with the back of the hand, and it leaves a red mark.
Fact: Randy can wipe that smile off your face, it's just that most of your face tends to come off with it when he does.
Fact: In the Wild West, Randy had a reputation for having a quick draw in duels, however, Randy's revolver never actually left the holster. He'd just yell "Draw!" and then kill his opponent with mind-bullets.
Fact: In the 80's being hit in the face by Randy's back hand became highly addictive. However they reserved the name "smack" for a less dangerous substance.
Fact: When Randy cuts the cheese, he takes the bigger of the two pieces.... Randy loves cheese.
Fact: When Randy takes the cake, it's because he intends to eat an entire cake.  They can't all be zingers folks.
Fact: When Randy bites the dust it's because he's all out of cake.
Fact: When Randy takes Zingers, it's because he intends to eat them. They can't all be cakes folks.
Fact: When Randy takes the Little Debbie snack cakes it's because he intended to eat hostess pastries but T-Bones didn't have any. They can't all be zingers folks.
Fact: Randy's methods to get children to stop crying are why there are tapes telling you how NOT to get a child to stop crying.
Fact: At least 9 randyfacts can't be zingers, folks...
Fact: <http://www.coastgrocery.com/pages/Products/1808> This randyfact is a zinger.
Fact: Randy has a method to get children to stop crying. Technically the wood chipper does all the work, but it knows better than to try to take the credit.
Fact: Many people can tight rope walk, Randy can loose rope walk.  It's far less impressive since it's on the ground and he just walks on it, but the fact is he can do it.
Fact: Randy can talk about fight club.  It's a 9 iron he keeps in the trunk of his car in case he gets in a fight.
Fact: Randy has a billy club. Needless to say anytime Randy wants the piano man to play him a song, the piano man plays him his song.
Fact: You can find 50 cent in Randy's billy club. 50 cent does not play the piano, however.
Fact: Randy is a snake charmer.  He's never had a girlfriend, but he's dated 2 cobras and a black mamba.
Fact: Randy likes to drink all of his alcoholic beverages from a pineapple.  Usually, he grinds up the alcoholic in a wood chipper, and pours the resulting liquid into a pineapple with a dash of tabasco, but sometimes he likes it straight up.
Fact: Randy doesn't always drink alcoholic beverages. The most brutal of ancient religions used to serve Randy virgin daiquiris.
Fact: When Randy doesn't see the punchline of a joke coming, he eats the other half of his popsicle.
Fact: Thulsa Doom is Randy's bartender.
Fact: Randy started the tradition of giving out heart shaped cards on Valentine's day. Mola Ram saw this but grossly misinterpreted the holiday.
Fact: Randy can pee farther than you, but only because he uses the force to do it.
Fact: Randy cheats in pee contests.
Fact: Randy has won several farm shows by growing the largest peas, but only because he uses the force to do it.
Fact: The letter of the day on Sesame Street is the letter P but only because Randy used the force to do it.
Fact: Randy once entered a competition to eat a 95oz steak in under an hour.  This old lady in the corner kept telling him to slow down, and chew his food.  He didn't listen, and the entire restaurant burned to the ground.  It was due to an unrelated kitchen fire accident, but to this day Randy takes his time.
Fact: Randy is can find significant P-values in double blind studies faster than any other researcher, but only because he uses the force to do it.
Fact: Randy can find momentum with only Mass or Velocity, but only because he uses the force to do it.
Fact: All creative works involving Randy are released under the RPL.
Fact: Randy uses the force for his violent killing powers, but he focuses them by eating a taco. If Randy is sitting in the back seat eating a taco, you better do what he wants before he finishes.
Fact: Kids in the back seat cause accidents. Accidents in the back seat cause kids. Randy in the back seat causes tacos.
Fact: When Randy has a shindig it involves a shovel and someone usually loses a left foot as a result.
Fact: Studies show that since Randy has been doing his thing, more and more people are getting their day started on the right foot.
Fact: Everyone has a special place in their heart for things that are dear to them.  Randy's special place contains a spare trapper keeper and machete.
Fact: Everyone likes Randy. <http://s767.photobucket.com/user/glyttery/media/40msj6s.gif.html>
Fact: Everyone likes Randy. :hypnotoad:
Fact: Randy is a proper noun that can be used as a synonym for crackerjack. See also cucumber.
Fact: Buy me some peanuts and Randy.  I don't care if I every get back so let's root, root root for the, this song sucks....
Fact: Randy is a proper noun that can be used as a synonym for abject poverty. See also cucumber.
Fact: Randy went to a church function once, he wore a nametag that said.  Hello my name is Randy.  People kept giving him money.
Fact: Cucumber is a noun that can be used as a synonym for financial collapse. See also Randy.
Fact: Randy is more versatile than the word Fuck. He can be used as a noun (Hey, It's Randy), verb (I'm going to Randy your left foot) , adjective (That guy is very Randy), adverb (He Randily stalked his prey),  or an Interjection (RANDY!!!).  He is also a unit of measure for violence and human existence (He's more than a man, but less than Randy).
Fact: The well renowned snail, Fast Eddie, starred in a western titled "The Fast and the Dead." This doesn't have much to do with Randy except that he's never seen it.
Fact: Randy can fit an entire bubble tape in his mouth at one time.  6 whole feet of gum.  That's a lot of God damn gum.
Fact: Randy eats an entire fruit by the foot in one bite.... But then again, so does everyone else so, this is not very impressive.
Fact: Randy once entered an art piece into a show titled "Foot by the Fruit". It didn't get the sort of reception he was expecting.
Fact: The original show Guts was Randy standing at the top of a fake mountain disemboweling everyone who tried to get to the top. Nickelodeon cleaned up the format for television before airing the first episode.
Fact: Randy was once asked how to handle a person who had fallen ill named "Jack". Being short on time due to all of his various humanitarian efforts, Randy decided to throw the man into a wood chipper. He found that he quite enjoyed the activity, and on that day he gained two things: his penchant for throwing people into wood chippers, and his last name, which is what the doctors told him; "Jack is sick".
Fact: Randy once pulled a rabbit out of a hat out of a rabbit out of a hat.
Fact: Nobody hates Randy. They fear and respect him.
Fact: Randy once pulled a rabbit out of the mad hatter......
Fact: Randy has memorized all of Mr. T's movies and television appearances. In fact he can quote him to a T!
Fact: Randy has memorized all of Mrs. T's pierogis. He can name every kind.
Fact: Randy once trained an ardvark in muay thai.
Fact: Most people say "for all intents and purposes" but most of Randy's intents put people into intensive care. It saves him time in explaining things.
Fact: Randy has no pity for the fool.
Fact: Randy has never played the fool, ever.
Fact: There's no exception to the rule, but Randy made the rules so he doesn't actually count as an exception.
Fact: Randy could throw an exception about a quarter mile back in high school.
Fact: When showing up at a crime scene Randy always draws anatomically correct outlines of the murder victims... but Eric doesn't want to chalk about it.
Fact: Randy uses a chainsaw to clip his toenails.  He doesn't actually require one, but he likes to stay dangerous.
Fact: Randy's frog used to be a tadpole... but that's a tail for another time.
Fact: Randy can trust you just about as far as he can throw you. Once you've seen how far he can throw you, you'll make sure never to break his trust.
Fact: Randy got caught shoplifting once, but they let him off with a warning after he set the store back down.
Fact: Randy can comfortably withstand 9,000 PSI of peer pressure.
Fact: Randy can comfortably withstand over 9,000 of pretty much anything... well except for dead snails. That would make him sad.
Fact: Randy can comfortably withstand his own power level.
Fact: Some people are "just sayin'." Randy is "just super sayin'"
Fact: Randy's tears can cure any disease. The only problem is Randy has never cried.
Fact: Randy cured David Cassidy, despite every claim that there was no cure.
Fact: Randy listens to The Cure when he thinks he's getting sick.  It doesn't help, but he sings more like Robert Smith when he has a stuffy nose.
Fact: If Randy ever sings "Casey Jones," he might have a terminal illness.
Fact: When Randy was a planeteer he would constantly listen to the song Barracuda.
Fact: Now that Randy sits next to Eric, he constantly listens to the song Barracuda.
Fact: The 5th element is actually "waiter." After eating Earth, Wind, Fire, and Heart Randy needs a glass of water.
Fact: Randy's skeleton is on fire.  I'm not sure how this works, but that's because I'm not Randy.
Fact: Fahrenheit 451° is the temperature at which Randy takes off his hoodie.
Fact: Randy can never use the phrase "That brings my blood to a boil" because his skeleton is on fire.  So his blood is constantly boiling.
Fact: Randy can never "roll in the hay" Because he'll ignite it on the count that his skeleton is on fire.
Fact: Randy's blood boils in space, but that's only because it boils everywhere. His skeleton is frickin' on fire man!
Fact: Randy's skeleton is on fire. Once firefighters put it out, we'll bring it in and replace Cam.
Fact: Randy’s skeleton is on fire; it’s a bonefire.
Fact: Randy has never forgiven Nicholas Cage for making Ghost Rider. Because it is loosely based on his life. And because fuck Nicholas Cage, that dude can't act.
Fact: Randy died once.  He was cremated.  Because his skeleton is on fire.  He rose from his ashes and flew into the night electing to visit some family in Arizona.  This is how we got the story of the Phoenix.
Fact: The movie Ghost Rider is loosely based on Randy's life. You never see Nicholas Cage watching movies in the film because... well... it's fairly accurate.
Fact: Randy cut his finger off in wood shop in High School.  He was charged with arson when the school burnt down.  The charges were later dropped when the school learned that his skeleton is on fire.
Fact: The Latin phrase "bone fide" was originally spelled "bone fire." The south adopted the misspelled version because they are afraid of Randy and needed an early warning system.
Fact: Randy will give you bone fire lovin', the kind that makes him feel old.
Fact: Randy's bones are so dense they generate spontaneous nuclear fusion reactions. Hence, Randy's skeleton is on fire.
Fact: It is told in the Bible that God made Eve from Adams rib.  Believe this if you want, but the way Randy tells the story, it is Randy that made Adam from a McDonalds McRib and if God did something after that, he's just a copy cat.
Fact: God tried to make Eve from Randy's ribs but he accidentally invented forest fires instead.
Fact: Smokey the bear is a lying bastard. You have no power in preventing forest fires. They are started from the eternal flame of Randy's ribs.
Fact: Randy was once attacked by a drunk anthropomorphic bear.  Randy's exposed skeleton burned down the forest he was conquering, and singed off all of the bears hair.  This is how he got the nickname smokey, and the commercials are his community service he has to do for getting drunk and burning down a forest Randy was trying to conquer.
Fact: Randy created nuclear fusion so that his skeleton would be on fire.
Fact: All of Randy's Magic cards are stored in protective, asbestos treated sleeves.
Fact: Randy killed all the dinosaurs with a nuclear rib over a 4 day weekend because of a bad relationship with a velociraptor.
Fact: Even if Randy's asbestos cards loses a game of Magic, the asbestos tends to defeat his opponents in the long run.
Fact: When you see steam coming out of Randy's ears, he's not mad, it's just that he went swimming earlier and his skeleton is on fire.
Fact: Randy set fire to his skeleton whilst belting out Adele.
Fact: When Donald Trump said "you're fired" to kick Randy off of Season 2 of celebrity apprentice, Randy just said: "I know."
Fact: Randy is upset that we chose to use Less over Sass.  He really wanted to be able to turn around and say "Nice Sass Quatch!"
Fact: Randy has more or less sassed a squatch.
Fact: You're so vain you probably think that Randy's song is about you. But it's not.
Fact: Everything Randy sings about spontaneously explodes into a pile of pizza logs.
Fact: Randy tends to only sing about pizza logs to avoid residual effects.
Fact: Randy never reaches into the tank with his bear hands. His skeleton is on fire. The water would boil, instantly killing all the good bacteria.
Fact: Randy sings a ballad to all of his former snails entitled "No More No Guarantees"
Fact: People don't describe Randy as having a burning desire to do something. Since his skeleton is on fire, he has a burning desire to do anything that he does. It's always implied.
Fact: Randyfacts will always provide the answer you seek.
Fact: If randyfacts doesn't have the answer you seek, you are seeking the wrong thing.
Fact: If randyfacts doesn't have the answer you seek, you are a gutless heathen with rhino dung for eyes and a penchant for 90's boy bands.
Fact: If randyfacts doesn't have the answer you seek, you are probably on a journey to find yourself. Randy keeps that in the back next to the antique Alf memorabilia.
Fact: If randyfacts doesn't have the answer you seek, you suck. Like... big time.
Fact: If randyfacts doesn't have the answer you seek, you're not at position 0. Reset the memory stream.
Fact: If randyfacts doesn't have the answer you seek, there is still ho... no, nevermind, you suck.
Fact: If randyfacts doesn't have the answer you seek, try turning it off and back on again.
Fact: If randyfacts doesn't have the answer you seek, proceed directly to jail, do not pass go, do not collect $200.
Fact: If randyfacts doesn't have the answer you seek, it's because all of knowledge of all of time has been experienced and there are moments left before the universe explodes. Use that time wisely. Perhaps try typing "randyfact nipples"
Fact: Randy's fire skeleton caught on... fire. It's a fire skeleton.
Fact: If randyfacts doesn't have the answer you seek, fast forward to the end and turn the tape cassette over.
Fact: If randyfacts doesn't have the answer you seek, it may be because your skeleton isn't on fire like Randy's is.  He can fix that for you.  The rest of you catches on fire with it, but Randy does consider that "fixed"
Fact: Upon famed comedian Red Skelton's death he was cremated by Randy. Randy's Skelton is on fire.
Fact: Alicia Keyes sang a song about Randy's skeleton. She also failed biology.
Fact: Randy entered MLB headquarters with a hockey stick and nobody questioned it.
Fact: Randy queries the MIB headquarters using SNMP.
Fact: The actual contents of Area 51 isn't a space ship from an alien race. It's actually where the government hides all the bodies with no left feet.
Fact: The other 50 Areas are used for storing Randy's hoard of pizza logs.
Fact: Randy and Bobby always sit in the exact same spot on the couch at home every time.  His parents can tell them apart because Randy's spot has burn marks all around it because his skeleton is on fire.
Fact: It is physically impossible for Randy to be "chilled to the bone".
Fact: Randy flies in the face of danger because danger hates flies and he puts them in his face just to annoy him.
Fact: Danger hates Randy because he stole Danger's middle name.
Fact: Randy likes to drink bloody mary's.  He grinds up people named Mary in a wood chipper with some vodka and adds a piece of celery.  If he wants a little extra kick, he grinds the left foot too.
Fact: Randy doesn't just like bloody mary's.  He also enjoys bloody Toms, bloody Davids, bloody Jimmy Hoffas (that's why they never found him) bloody Jagannathas, and bloody Josephines.  He wants to try a bloody Celine Dion, but has yet to make one.
Fact: Randy doesn't want a drink. Like U2, He just wants his bloody Sundae!
Fact: Randy used to rule the world as an evil being.  He only let the sun shine over this earth one day a week.  Hence the name Sunday.  At some point however, Randy stopped being a huge douchebag, and only puts us in darkness for a few hours each night.
Fact: When Randy's mom isn't home he bangs the oven door... but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randyfacts is a place of free and open communication where anyone can say anything they want and we won't tell Amanda.
Fact: When Eric isn't home, Randy bangs his...nevermind, Eric definitely doesn't wanna talk about that (The answer was front door. Randy was banging on Eric's front door but he wasn't home. Get your mind out of the gutter)
Fact: Though they may not all know it yet, every employee of OpenArc is part of an experimental punk band titled "Randy's Nuclear Rib Bone".
Fact: Randy wishes he were a potato because blowing up cars with his force lightning has become boring.
Fact: _Become Potato (Su)_ Randy is able to become a potato once per day as a free action.
Fact: Randy does not _have_ to eat sausage. Sometimes he chooses to.
Fact: When Randy becomes a potato, he makes for some excellent hash browns, and goes great with sausage.
Fact: Randy has killed 6 people with a segue.
Fact: Randy has a Segway. He likes to drive up to people on it and ask "Do you like my segue...." before finishing with "TO MURDER!" and shooting them in the face.
Fact: Randy's Segway is armed with a very difficult to reload six-shooter.
Fact: Randy has the worlds largest collection of ass pennies.
Fact: Randy would tell you where all of his ass pennies came from, but Eric doesn't wanna talk about it.
Fact: Randy's ass pennies are the shit.
Fact: Randy always gets top bunk.
Fact: Randy's thing has got a hemi in it.
Fact: The movie The Sixth Sense is based off of Randy's life. Long story short, Fast Eddie often thinks that Randy is dead.
Fact: Randy invented spongy jumping, where he jumps off a high place and his fall is broken by a bunch of sponges.
Fact: Randy invented fungi jumping, where he jumps off a high place and his fall is broken by a giant mushroom.
Fact: Randy invented grungy jumping, where he jumps off a high place and his fall is broken by a bunch of old laundry.
Fact: Randy invented Bundy jumping, where he jumps off a high place and his fall is broken by Ted Bundy. Coincidentally Ted Bundy was also broken by Randy's fall.
Fact: Randy beat God at a 1-on-1 deathmatch 31 to 7. He even let God use cheat codes and turn on randymode.
Fact: Randy reinvented grungy jumping in the late 80's, where he jumps off a high place and his fall is broken by the mosh pit.
Fact: Randy invented grungey jumping, where he jumps off a high place in Seattle and his fall is broken by Pearl Jam.
Fact: Randy invented Pearl Jam. Crushing peanuts to use as a spread is not dangerous enough.
Fact: Randy invented pungee jumping, where he jumps off a high place onto a bunch of wooden spikes. Randy is the only person to have done this more than once.
Fact: Randy invented Pole Vaulting. However, his version included a moat full of crocodiles. Landing on a pad wasn't dangerous enough.
Fact: Randy invented the H.A.L.O. sky dive. He originally called it bungie jumping but now is in the middle of litigation with Microsoft.
Fact: Randy was the mother of all invention. It was a weird time in his life.
Fact: Randy invented invention.
Fact: Randy is very inventive.
Fact: Randy reinvented himself. He named this reinvention Bobby.
Fact: Being sucked into a jet engine is almost like Randy throwing you into a wood chipper. You can be sucked into a jet engine more than once.
Fact: Randy invented the Josh pit.  It's a place where he blasts heavy metal and keeps the corpses of his victims named Josh.  Sans left foot of course.  It's rumored that Slayer got their start here.
Fact: Randy's Josh pit is not to be confused with the QA Hole.
Fact: If you get an invitation to Randy's Josh pit.  You aren't allowed to make any sarcastic remarks.  There's no Joshin in the Josh pit.
Fact: Randy once threw the corpse of a man named Ryan in the Josh pit.  Even in death the body was so scared to cross Randy that he legally changed his name.
Fact: Randy is able to transform anything into a Zinger. He has yet to figure out how to transform things into relatives of Zingers, however. So, while it IS possible for them to all be Zingers, they can't all be Zingers' folks.
Fact: Randy invented magic.
Fact: Magic is also known as slight of hand because there is only a slight chance that Randy will cut off your left hand instead.
Fact: Heart is still trying to understand Randy is a magic man. He's got magic hands. Left ones. He had them enchanted.
Fact: After randy got involved, Handy Manny was just known as Manny.
Fact: The phrase "Lefty Loosey" was coined after Randy was caught muttering it after defeating one of his enemies.
Fact: Randy's pile of left feet started when someone told him to "Break a leg" before his job interview with OpenArc
Fact: The last time Randy left feet at a fancy restaurant, he was cut off.
Fact: A football field is measured in yards because measuring it in feet just brings back bad memories of the year Randy took the Heisman Trophy.
Fact: The pose of the Heisman Trophy is because the guy was trying to avoid one of Randy's left foot traps.
Fact: A common misconception is that Randy once took the Heisman trophy back in his college days. This is innacurate; He merely took the left foot off of the trophy.
Fact: Admiral Ackbar still has both feet
Fact: Admiral Ackbar still has both feet...... That Randy gave him for Christmas.... he knows better than to regift.
Fact: Liam Neeson called Randy when he had taken the Heisman Trophy and said: "I will look for you, I will find you, and I will do absolutely nothing about it. I mean you're Randy!"
Fact: Randy's particular set of skills are WAY better than Liam Neeson's
Fact: Randy has never been killed by Darth Maul. The last randyfact goes without saying.
Fact: Have you ever seen Randy and Darth Maul in the same room at the same time? Coincidence? I think not
Fact: They thought about carving Randy's face into Mt. Rushmore, but decided against it as rumors started to spread that his face was the man on the moon.
Fact: Randy's tour bus is known as the Haul of Fame.
Fact: Randy's Swiss Army Knife can cut a tin can as easily as a tomato.
Fact: Randy's Monster Truck can crush a tin can as easily as a tomato.
Fact: Randy can metamorphasize into a tin can as easily as a tomato.
Fact: It is way easier for Randy to metamorphosize into a potato... but he's practicing with other fruits and vegetables.
Fact: Randy says tomato, and so do you, or he rips your fucking lungs out and makes you eat them.
Fact: When Randy references a tomato he often means something else, such as diamond, your head, Kafka, or tomahto.
Fact: Randyfacts are more violent than a Tarantino movie. That's the way Randy likes it
Fact: Randy is terrible at golf.  Mostly cause he refuses to use actual golf balls.  He can however slice a tin can as easily as a tomato.
Fact: Before fatally cutting someone, Randy will deliberately stress them out to increase their blood pressure. He likes to see the blood spray out like a fountain.
Fact: Randy can cut a left foot as easily as a tomato.
Fact: Randy brings skeletons of people he's slain with him to work and sits them in chairs of coworkers who are working remotely as some kind of sick joke.
Fact: After bringing skeletons of people he's slain into work, he then sets them on fire, symbolically reminding us that we all have a little Randy in us.
Fact: After bringing skeletons of people he's slain into work, he then sets them on fire, symbolically reminding us that we all have a little Nicolas Cage in us.
Fact: Randy once met Frosty the Snowman and was promptly arrested for murder. Because his skeleton is on fire.
Fact: Randy has been described as a "caged animal" before. This means that he enjoys running around punching people in a bear suit.
Fact: Obama’s recent climate change initiative sets carbon pollution standards for U.S. power plants. Randy’s skeleton doesn’t care.
Fact: Randy went ice fishing once.  He caught a cube, a snowman, a Smirnoff and a shitty rap album from the 90s.
Fact: Due to the heat of Randy's skeleton his hand is capable of creating a nuclear explosion upon impact.
Fact: Randy has never played the card game Slapjack for fear of nearby civilian casualties.
Fact: Randy bought a stairway to hell.
Fact: Randy determines which words are swear words. They are just words he doesn't care for.
Fact: Randy cares for a lot of words, especially when they are wounded or injured. Based on how he likes to torture his enemies, those are his 2 favorite words.
Fact: Randy proposed the lyrics, “All you are is sawdust in the wood chipper,” but Kansas elected to take the song in a different direction.
Fact: Randy misses Travis.
Fact: Randy misses Travis because he learned to shoot at the Storm Trooper academy.
Fact: Randy Mississippi is the name of a town that also misses Travis.
Fact: The Storm Trooper academy is located in Randy, Mississippi.
Fact: When Randy was just a tike, he had a favorite juice cup. When said cup was taken away, he’d say, “Randy Mississippi."
Fact: When Randy wants to hurt someone he takes them to Randy Town!
Fact: When Randy wants to hurt someone, he takes them to Randy Town!
Fact: Randy Town is a beautiful tourist destination that has music festivals, authentic cuisine, and free wood chipper rides!
Fact: Randy has been unable to clone himself a 2nd time.
Fact: When Randy goes soul searching he's looking for people to kill and set their skeletons on fire.
Fact: When Randy appears on star search he's looking for people to kill and throw their skeletons into the sun.
Fact: The planets once revolved around an even larger planet until someone on that planet asked Randy for a light and as he was looking for his lighter he hit his funny bone and turned the entire planet into the sun.
Fact: Ninjas can run on water. Randy can run on sentences.
Fact: Randy does the Polar Plunge with polar bears.
Fact: Randy shaves off all the fur of the polar bears before doing the polar plunge. Just to make it even.
Fact: When Randy does a double feature, it means he's taking the right foot too.
Fact: Randy loves Double Dragon. Nobody knows why.
Fact: Randy developed Triple Dragon as a sequel to Double Dragon, but every NES cartridge they tried to put it onto immediately burst into flames.
Fact: Not even the famed NES cartridge can handle having a skeleton that's on fire.
Fact: On Randy’s birthday, he blows out NES cartridges.
Fact: Randy poured not only his blood, sweat, and tears into the development of Triple Dragon, but also a little bit of bone marrow as well.
Fact: Triple Dragon didn't include chains or bats as weapons. The main character could pick up and wield a wood chipper. When asked by a smart ass child how the player could wield a wood chipper, randy proceeded to demonstrate.
Fact: Most of Randy's Q&amp;A sessions end with throwing somebody into a wood chipper.
Fact: Randy’s skeleton founded Burning Man.
Fact: Most of Randy's Q&amp;A sessions begin with throwing somebody into a wood chipper.
Fact: Randy's Q&amp;A sessions are usually pretty quick.
Fact: When Randy goes to the hospital, they use thermal imaging instead of an x-ray.
Fact: Randy has used a polar bear as a plunger.
Fact: Randy plays all of his chess games against himself because Randy always wins.
Fact: Randy can be in more than one place at the same time.  To demonstrate this, he once was simultaneously at both the north and south poles making him bipolar in a much colder way.
Fact: Randy is above the law.
Fact: Randy has never played a real game of dodge ball. The balls dodge Randy.
Fact: Gary Gygax got his idea for the spell "fireball" after seeing Randy heat up a dodge ball with his skeleton and incinerate a kid on the other team. This was in his pre-wood chipper days.
Fact: Randy once got a group of smart-ass kids to play Dodgewood chipper with him.
Fact: Slack was invented as a place to quickly share randyfacts. Randy allows it to be used for business purposes because it hasn't taken away from the constant flow of ramdyfacts... yet.
Fact: Donkeys were originally called Jakicics but they changed it after he cut off too many left hooves.
Fact: When Randy is not in the office there are 5 stages of grief. The first one is where he cuts off your left foot and the remaining 4 involve bleeding.
Fact: When Randy is not in the office there are 6 stages of grief. Normally there would be 5, but this is Randy!
Fact: When Randy is not in the office, there are 3 stages of graph, the first one shows the difference in the amount of star wars conversation, the second is a skin graft on the account that his skeleton is on fire.
Fact: When Randy is not in the office there are 4 stages of grief to start, and then 1 more for every hour you have left in the working day.
Fact: When Randy makes an arrest, instead of reading you your Miranda rights, he reads your Mirandy rights, in which you have the right to remain violent, but there's no guarantees he won't kill you for it.
Fact: Missing Randy is what Charlie Brown is talking about when he says "Good Grief."
Fact: Randy's first day was great... but it was lonely so he created the earth.
Fact: Papa had a brand new bag. Randy took it, folded it neatly, and put in in the drawer.
Fact: Randy is 75 percent water, but he's also 20 percent Francium. He just really keeps his chemistry in check.
Fact: Randy has an addiction problem, unfortunately though, there's no "AA" for left feet
Fact: Randy doesn't fly a tie fighter, he flies a win fighter.... that's dumb.
Fact: No Jay, that's a plantain in his pocket.
Fact: Randy doesn’t eat Thai food; he eats win food.
Fact: Randy wins at everything ever.  So much so that he can't even lose weight.
Fact: The TV show the Biggest Loser has the name because even if you win, you still can't be Randy.
Fact: The only person Randy ever lost to was Randy, and he let him win.
Fact: Randy has lost one thing in his lifetime. His fear of tacos.
Fact: Randy has lost one thing in his lifetime.  That lovin' feelin.
Fact: When Randy put on the one ring, the ring disappeared.
Fact: Randy conquered Mordor with a hula hoop.
Fact: Unlike most elves, when Randy appeared in the Hobbit films, the Tolkien family went back and added him to the story.
Fact: Every time Rankin Bass tries to animate the story of Randy's life, it plays back in live action.
Fact: Randy’s not just here for the soup.
Fact: You cannot steal a joke from Randy. He offers them free to all in the public domain.
Fact: Randy offers other works in the private domain... but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy patented the MIT License.
Fact: GNU stands for Randy's Not Unix.
Fact: In an attempt to test his skills, the OA staffing division cast Randy off into the wild for what was expected to be a week-long, possibly longer engagement. During his exile, Randy was put through the ultimate tribulation: he was forced to sit next to a huge Star Trek fan. The predictable happened, and Randy's wood chipper claimed yet another victim.
Fact: Randy's least favorite Star Trek episode is "Trials and Tribble-ations."  <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trials_and_Tribble-ations>
Fact: Randy has a minimum of two conveyor belt fed wood chippers dedicated to Tribble extermination running at all times
Fact: In Randy's free time he prefers to carry out Tribble extermination with a steam roller.
Fact: Randy has never had any trouble with tribbles.
Fact: Randy has Klingon blood, and tribbles don't even know.
Fact: Randy wakes up everyday and says "It's a good day to die!"
Fact: Randy invented inventories;
Fact: Randy knows the average inside diameter of a human eye socket.
Fact: The forks on Randy's tongue are just wide enough to extract a human eye
Fact: Strangely enough, the forks on Randy's tongue can be used as chopsticks.
Fact: Randy can use his forked tongue to play spoons in a jug band.
Fact: Strangely enough, the forks on Randy's tongue can be used to play chopsticks.
Fact: Strangely enough, the forks on Randy's tongue are strong enough to chop sticks.
Fact: Randy has done a lot of things while driving but playing hearthstone isn't one.
Fact: Randy has done a lot of things while driving but... Eric doesn't want talk about it.
Fact: Randy plays "left foot goes." Whoever has a left foot has to go.
Fact: Randy always loses the "left foot goes" game.
Fact: Randy played in last year's World Series of Poker. The game ended when he had to fold... all of the other players in half.
Fact: Randy always wins at twister when the thing says left foot green....
Fact: Randy occasionally drills people... on their Magic knowledge.
Fact: Randy always knows what's going on.  He knows the drill...  Can penetrate your skull.
Fact: Randy brushes his teeth with brushes from his Bob Ross learn to paint kit.  Happy little teeth.
Fact: When Randy disables an opponent in martial arts they become gray'ed out.
Fact: The idea of bashing fortune cookies with hammers for better luck is loosely based off of Randy smashing chinamen's skulls in during the mid-12th century.
Fact: Randy stole Siskel and Ebert's skeletal hands to make a two thumbs up sign. :thumbsup: :thumbsup:
Fact: During the days of acetate film reels many films were destroyed due to Randy's skeletal hand fires.
Fact: Randy is responsible for the largest rubber band ball in existence. He got bored one day and decided to kick it into the air. Misjudging his strength, he put it into orbit around the sun. After a long period of accretion, his rubber band ball is now known as Ceres.
Fact: The Joker once asked Randy "Why so Ceres?" and Randy just pointed to his rubber band ball.
Fact: Randy has an innate sense of the exact position of celestial bodies relative to the earth. He can point out any heavenly object at any time.
Fact: Randy typically points to himself when asked to point out a heavenly body.
Fact: Randy once fixed the SiriusXM satellite with just a needle and thread. Popular comic book villains have been trying to figure out why for years.
Fact: Randy has appeared on more romance novels than Fabio. He was wearing a shirt though
Fact: In 2013, Randy managed to top both the world's most attractive male and female lists simultaneously, according to all magazines currently in print. In 2014 he was beat out in both divisions by John Stamos.
Fact: Randy has been featured on a topless fireman calendar wearing a black hoodie.
Fact: The square root of Randy is bacon.
Fact: Randy was ready for the world, but the world was not ready for Randy. This is why bad things happen.
Fact: The question "why do bad things happen to good people" is a misquote. It was originally "Why do bad things happen to anyone who's not Randy." The full context makes more sense.
Fact: Life has literally given Randy lemons. His response was "What the fuck am I supposed to do with these??"
Fact: Life gave Randy exactly 1 lemon.
Fact: When life gave Randy lemons, he made lemonade, but Eric doesn't wanna talk about it.
Fact: Randy doesn't buy lemonade. He rents it.
Fact: When Randy gives you lemons, you damn well better not ask him why.
Fact: When Randy gives people lemons, they make lemonade, because they know what's coming.
Fact: When life gave Randy Jack Lemon, he made Grumpy Old Men.
Fact: Randy gives people his special lemonade before he throws them in a wood chipper.
Fact: Randy's lemonade brings all the boys to the yard. Eric still doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy knows Pete is unoriginal, but since he's a nice guy he figures out the facts that Pete will duplicate and deletes them ahead of time.
Fact: Randy's lemonade is the cure for all diseases known to humanity. It's too bad those who drink it are destined for the wood chipper.
Fact: When Life gives Randy Proms, he makes a promenade!
Fact: Randy made Pom wonderful.
Fact: Seriously! They invented the drink Pom, but Randy blessed it and it became wonderful.
Fact: When life gives Randy melons... Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Life gave Randy blind melons, and he made absolutely no rain out of them.
Fact: When life gave Randy lemons, he used them to beat his enemies to death. Much like these "life gives you lemons" randyfacts.
Fact: Randy thought that life gave him lemons, but they were just sour grapes. Randy is not good at telling the difference between fruit.
Fact: When life gave Randy a dead horse, Caleb beat it into the ground
Fact: When life gave Randy lemons, he asked if he could sell them.
Fact: Randy can make lemonade out of literally any fruit that isn't a lemon.
Fact: It's lemonade. Randy pee is lemonade.
Fact: Apparently Randy is the shit at making home made italian ice.
Fact: Every time Randy pees in someone's yard the property value goes up.
Fact: Randy’s home made italian ice is his own signature recipe.
Fact: Ironically, Randy didn't get pissed over the lemonade jokes.
Fact: Never eat Randy’s Italian ice on asparagus night.
Fact: When life gave Randy lemons he created the Huang He river.
Fact: Randy is the inspiration behind the song Mmmm Bop, but Randy doesn’t want to talk about it.
Fact: The bell tolls for Randy.
Fact: Gingers are actually people who have witnessed people being thrown into Randy's wood chipper. That's why their hair is red and they have no soul.
Fact: Randy kidnaps small children to turn them into gingers.
Fact: Randy is raising an army of small gingers in a plot to take over the world.
Fact: Randy made some soup once.  It was really bland.  So he invited the Spice Girls over thinking they could fix it.  When they couldn’t he made their caredr end.
Fact: Randy hates home care assistants and often makes carers end.
Fact: On their 10th birthday, Randy's gingers receive their very own wood chipper and instructions to go forth into the world, causing mayhem and killing for sport.
Fact: Rick Astley started out as one of Randy's ginger recruits. Although unwilling to kill as commanded, Randy has not given up on him.
Fact: Randy speaks to you through your dreams, but Gretchen is definitely not talking to Pete.
Fact: Gretchen isn’t talking to Pete, but Randy is.
Fact: There is no need to respond to this randyfact.  But Randy probably will anyway.
Fact: Gretchen is part of Randy's ginger army. Don't be surprised when Pete disappears.
Fact: Ginger bread is designed to ward off Randy's minions. Its efficacy is dubious at best.
Fact: Randy is in no way a pedant, but his choice of words is still better than yours.
Fact: Life gave Randy a watermelon to dance with, but eric doesn't want to talk about it
Fact: Randy doesn't even know ervescent.
Fact: Randy always up votes the red shit
Fact: Randy both rectum and damn near killed 'em.
Fact: Randy is currently debating on removing monday tuesday saturday and sunday from the week so the calendar reads WTF
Fact: Randyfacts totally works that way
Fact: When Randy stares into the Abyss, the Abyss looks away and apologizes submissively.
Fact: Randy has beaten a dead horse back to life.
Fact: When Randy scalps tickets, he just scalps a person and uses that to get into the game.
Fact: Randy scalped the top of Jay's head to get into a game.
Fact: Randy is why :pixeljay: wears a hat
Fact: Randy once somehow euthanized an entire tribe in South Africa by playing mario kart 64.Fact: Randy cannot grow a beard because his skeleton is on fire and the hair gets singed off instantly.
Fact: Every fact Randy has entered about himself has been false.
Fact: Randy doesn't know what a close shave feels like. It has nothing to do with not being able to grow a beard, he's just that good at everything.
Fact: Randy may not know how much wood a woodchuck could chuck if a wood chuck could chuck wood. However, he does know how many feet could a wood chipper chip if a wood chipper could chip feet.
Fact: Randy swears that throwing people into a wood chipper is funnier out loud.
Fact: Randy's wood chopper only takes off left feet.
Fact: Randy plays dueling banjos at 20 paces.
Fact: When Randy finishes playing dueling banjos, he shoots the other musician.
Fact: The first time Steve Martin played dueling banjos with Randy, his hair turned white.
Fact: Randy is simultaneously the youngest person and the oldest person. It has something to do with being twins, don't ask.
Fact: Randy is actually an orange, he's just really good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is orange because he rolled in a pile of doritos.
Fact: You have to check yourself before Randy wrecks you. You would have wrecked yourself, but Randy does mercy kills.
Fact: Randy is orange because he got drunk with the mega 64 pack of crayola crayons
Fact: Randy is orange because Randy has Jaundice.
Fact:  Randy IS Jaundice.
Fact: Randy has Juan's dice, but he won't return them.
Fact: Randy actually understands what the hell "A Clockwork Orange" means.
Fact: Randy uses Juan's dice to roll for powers on the Star Wars bracket.
Fact: Randy is orange because of a failed experiment with Flinstones Push up pops.
Fact: Randy is sponsored by Sunkist
Fact: Randy is orange because he ate CarrotTop. It was disgusting, as you might imagine.
Fact: Randy is orange because nobody slows down for construction road cones, but everyone slows down for Randy.
Fact: There are many theories about how Randy turned orange.  Most scientists agree that it has to do with his skeleton being on fire though.
Fact: Randy eats oranges to prevent scurvy. If you don't have scurvy, thank Randy.
Fact: Don’t worry Eric, I’ve got it.
Fact: Randy eats oranges because he thinks it helps his eyesight. Everyone knows he's wrong, but no one wants to tell him.
Fact: Randy used to wear black hoodies, but as Netflix has proven, orange is the new black.
Fact: Randy eats carrots because he thinks they're loaded with vitamin C. Everyone knows he's wrong, but no one wants to tell him.
Fact: Randy eats souls because he thinks it makes him stronger.  It doesn’t it just makes him a dick for eating souls.
Fact: Randy drives on the right side of the road in England. Everyone knows he's wrong, but no one wants to tell him.
Fact: Randy's orange hue is contagious. Thankfully the CDC has confined his contact to Oompa Loompas and the general population is safe.
Fact: Randy went on vacation to the Jersey Shore. That's why all of those assholes on that MTV show looked orange
Fact: Whatever side of the road that Randy drives on is the right side of the road. Mostly because he can't get used to English driving traditions.
Fact: Randy thinks the universe is geocentric. Everyone knows he's wrong, but no one wants to tell him.
Fact: When you sneeze you are suffering from Randy's orange disease. You're actually saying "orange hue" really quickly.
Fact: There is no such thing as geocentric. However there is such a thing as Randiocentric, and Randy resides on Earth. Draw your own conclusions.
Fact: Randy's orange disease is fatal to snails named Fast Eddie.
Fact: When you couple Randy's orange disease with lyme disease, you get really really sick. Because lyme disease sucks ass.
Fact: Eric is able to control insects. Randy is able to control fruit bats.
Fact: When you get an :F-: from Randy, it's because it's too soon. You'll fuck your spelling up eventually, and Randy goddamn knows it.
Fact: Randy has two people in his trunk right now with duct tape over their mouths.
Fact: After the kidnapping randyfact, randyfacts suddenly got less funny.
Fact: After the kidnapping randyfact, randyfacts suddenly got really scary.
Fact: After the kidnapping randyfact, eric was never seen again.
Fact: After the kid napping randy fact, randyfacts suddenly got really sleepy.
Fact: Randy’s life is one continuous Scooby Doo ending.
Fact: Before the kid napping randyfact, randy read him a bedtime story.
Fact: when Randy kidnaps someone, he's just putting them to sleep. And cutting off their left feet. And throwing them in a wood chipper. Maybe.
Fact: Randy has a large supply of rubber masks in case the villains he is chasing  run out.
Fact: Randy has bowled a perfect 300 game by throwing 20 consecutive gutter balls.
Fact: Randy killed 300 Spartans by throwing 20 consecutive gutter balls.
Fact: Randy hits a home run every time he steps to the plate.  At the dinner table.
Fact: Randy gets a penalty kick every time he hits someone in hopes that he won't hit them again.
Fact: Randy saw a bathroom attendant once at a bar he was in.  It inspired him to put a bowl of skittles on the back of his toilet.
Fact: Randy has doo doo skittles.
Fact: Shittles.
Fact: Taste the rainbow.
Fact: Randy does things for Twix and Skittles.
Fact: Randy tasted the rainbow; he wasn’t impressed.
Fact: Randy is funnier than most randyfacts.
Fact: Randy is orange because he absorbs Blue but Red and Yellow are absolutely afraid of him.
Fact: Randy’s voicemail message is “Seven days…"
Fact: “The Ring” is what happens when Randy calls the shots and someone picks up.
Fact: When Randy calls a Bluff, the ocean answers.
Fact: Randy combined Batman and Megaman to create Megabatman. The effects were minimal; Bruce Wayne started eating more apples.
Fact: Randy also created a flying fox... but eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy theorizes that Samara is Batwoman.
Fact: Randy glows orange because he's filled with Neon and is very excitable.
Fact: Randy glows orange because he's made of elemental sodium and likes being positive.
Fact: Randy's skeleton is on fire because he's made of the element sodium and he likes fresh air.
Fact: Randy has started storing left feet in Pete's passenger seat.
Fact: Randy is orange because he's always thinking about Tony the Tiger.
Fact: Just kidding about the Francium fact.
Fact: Randy has friends in high places... Colorado.
Fact: Randy has friends in high places... They got stuck while rock climbing andnow whenever he asks for advice he shouts at cliffs.
Fact: Randy has friends in high places... Who he takes advice from. They got stuck up there so I'm not positive why they'd be good with advice, but you never question the ways of Randy.
Fact: Randy has friends in high places.  Mainly Snoop Doggs house.
Fact: Randy has friends in high places... So as you might expect, he knows Charlie Sheen quite well
Fact: Randy has friends in hi places... They say hello.
Fact: Randy has friends in knee high places... but eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy has lovers in high places. Higher than Steve Winwood could ever ask for.
Fact: Randy has friends in Ohio.
Fact: Randy is a human flash drive... but eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy's favorite game as a child was hide and heat-seeking missiles.
Fact: If Randy falls asleep during “The Force Awakens,” the apocalypse will commence.
Fact: Randy is The Force. May Randy be with you.
Fact: Randy's preferred form of capital punishment is the wood chipper.
Fact: Randy invented the electric slide. He sets up an electric chair at the end of a slip'n'slide and invites over the neighbors.
Fact: Randy's 2nd preferred form of capital punishment is the electric chair.
Fact: Randy doesn't believe in capital punishment. He always writes it lowercase.
Fact: Randy keeps his electric chair's victims' left feet in a separate pile.
Fact: Randy traded Bobby for electrical components for his electric chair.
Fact: Randy used to have a brother, now he just has a transistor.
Fact: Bobby used to be a boy. But now he's Randy's transistor. Eric doesn't wanna talk about it.
Fact: Randy used to have a brother, now he just has a transistor and a left foot.
Fact: Randy keeps the left feet of his electric chair victims in a separate pile labeled “pre-cooked"
Fact: Randy executes some people in a large iron cauldron full of boiling water that he keeps at the golf course. He puts their left feet in a separate pile labeled "par-boiled"
Fact: You don't want to see what happens to people who bogey or worse on Randy's golf course. (It's a wood chipper. He throws them in a wood chipper.)
Fact: Randy occasionally throws drummers into his golf course iron cauldron... They can't all be singers folks!
Fact: The last person to have a staring contest with Randy ended up mangled at the bottom of 13 flights.
Fact: Randy likes to have staring contests at the airport.
Fact: When Randy worked as a TSA agent in airport security he would send people through a wood chipper.
Fact: When Randy worked at the airline counter he would make people declare their left feet as carry on luggage.
Fact: Under Randy’s hoodie, is a layer of live mice that live with him in perfect symbiosis.  The mice live off of the cheese from Randy’s Combo and and pizza log crumbs, and Randy has a layer of live mice at his disposal, so… that’s always good.
Fact: If you take a picture of Randy all of the live mice under his hoodie will say "cheese!"
Fact: Under Randy’s hoodie you’ll find the remains of Jimmy Hoffa.  The mice ate what they could, and Randy just likes to keep the bones jingling while he walks past the ever guessing authorities.
Fact: The movie Willard is loosely based off of the live mice under Randy's hoodie. It's hard to tell how accurate the movie is because Randy's never seen it.
Fact: Under Randy’s hoodie is a layer of live mice… under that are two nipples that always point due north.
Fact: Douglas Engelbart invented the computer mouse after seeing Randy take off his hoodie.
Fact: Mice try to build their nests in warm places. Fortunately for the mice, Randy's skeleton is on fire.
Fact: The mice choose to live on Randy due to the warmth from randy’s skeleton
Fact: The mice under Randy's hoodie live off of a steady diet of left feet
Fact: The layer of live mice under Randy's hoodie were also surprised that the car could fly.
Fact: The layer of live mice under Randy's hoodie are also disappointed there are not going to be hover boards tomorrow
Fact: Randy also has a live snake under his hoodie... but eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy actually has a layer of live penguins under his hoodie... they are really good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: The live mice under Randy's hoodie are called "NSFW videos on Reddit"... Seriously! Google it!
Fact: Three of the mice living under Randy's hoodie are blind, but the rest of them can see through walls.
Fact: A piper once offered to get rid of the mice under Randy's hoodie. Randy threw a pie in his face.
Fact: The pied piper once led a group of smart ass children out of a village and into a wood chipper. He owed Randy money.
Fact: Randy knows the muffin man, but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy helped a little old lady living in a house made of candy to process her meat.
Fact: Randy helped an old woman living in a shoe to come up with a solution to her issue of overpopulation by using a wood chipper.
Fact: Randy normally has a layer of prerecorded mice under his hoodie, but they will do live and unplugged sessions from time to time.
Fact: Bono still hasn't found what he's looking for, but Randy has.
Fact: Randy knows what percentage of taco bell food is made of bugs.
Fact: Randy isn't going to tell you what percentage of taco bell food is made of bugs.
Fact: Randy knows that Erron is responsible for bugs bunny ending up in taco bell food.
Fact: Taco Bell food contains more meat from Randy's wood chipper than bugs
Fact: What's the difference between a Camaro and a Chimera? Randy doesn't have a Camaro in his garage.
Fact: Randy's Chimera, Frank, is the terror of the Carnegie area.
Fact: Randy invented lyme disease so that Eric can control all of the bugs in taco bell's food.
Fact: Randy shared the percentage of bugs in Taco Bell food with Eric, but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy's bug laced taco bell meat is really taking off. (He should have removed the wings before adding the flies to the recipe)
Fact: Because Eric doesn't want to talk about the percentage of bugs in Taco Bell food, it's probably somewhere around 69%.
Fact: There is a layer of taco bell meat under Randy's hoodie to feed the layer of live mice.
Fact: It was thought that Randy owned somewhere between 50-100 cats, but it turns out they were just there for the mice.
Fact: Randy put Charlie Facts through the wood chipper.
Fact: The movie A Bug's Life is actually a documentary about how Taco Bell makes their food, but Randy's never seen it.
Fact: Randy once proved Taco Bell meat is insects by throwing a bunch of smart-ass larva into a wood chipper.
Fact: By December 18th, 2015 Randy will have seen three Disney movies.
Fact: When Randy says it's morning, it's morning.
Fact: Seriously, it's a fucking chimera. Three heads. Wings. Terror of the skies. ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED!?
Fact: You can't start a new Randyfact meme unless you're Eric.
Fact: You can start a new Randyfact meme if you aren't Eric, but you won't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy's Chimera also has a snake where its tail should be... but eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy’s Chimera’s name is Karma
Fact: Randy bought Karma his Chimera a camera.
Fact: It's a bitch when Karma comes back to bite you in the ass... especially since Karma is Randy's enormous three headed Chimera.
Fact: Randy believes in Karma.  If you’re a douche, he believes his Chimera is able to make things right.
Fact: Randy's chimera changes color at will, making it somewhat of a Karma Chameleon.
Fact: Randy keeps his Chimera in the garage because its mother is an automobile.
Fact: Most people don't believe in Karma, until it bites them in the ass. Then Randy laughs.
Fact: The mother of Randy's Chimera is Carmine the Camaro.
Fact: The birth of Randy's Chimera is scandalous because Carmine the Camero is a devoted nun.
Fact: Randy's Karmic Chameleon Chimera, kid of Carmine the Camaro, enjoys caramel and cameras.
Fact: Randy has Carmine, Karma's Car-Ma, the Camaro nun.
Fact: Randy took a picture once—the Mona Lisa from the Louvre.
Fact: The protective wrapping on Randy's monitor never bothered him. It was afraid he would throw it into a wood chipper.
Fact: Eric, an avid Chevrolet enthusiast, knows who the father of Randy's chimera is, but he doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy has the 7th sense. He sees every being—living or deceased—as Bruce Willis.
Fact: Randy is able to commune with the dead using a nickel and a penny.
Fact: US Pennies used to be copper, but in 1982 Randy disbanded his currency police force due to the rising inflation that was making his copper pennies less effective.
Fact: Randy does a better Arnold Schwarzenegger impression than Arnold can do of himself.
Fact: Randy does a better Arnold impression that Tom Arnold.
Fact: Arnold Schwarzenegger doesn't normally talk like that. He's just doing a bad impression of Randy.
Fact: No one actually sounds like how people hear them normally, they're just always doing a bad impression of Randy.
Fact: “Hey Arnold” is based off of a four-second clip in which Randy greets Arnold. The creators extrapolated.
Fact: Randy is actually Arnold Schwarzenegger... he's really good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: When Randy leaves home each morning, he stops at the door and says, “Hasta la vista, Bobby."
Fact: Randy's brother's skeleton is also on fire. It burns less hot, however. That's how you tell who's who.
Fact: Randy's skeleton is flaming... but eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy believes in a chimeratocracy. A government ruled by the best and brightest chimeras.
Fact: There is video evidence of Randy's ghost murdering someone with a spoon: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9VDvgL58h_Y>
Fact: Randy is the only known person to offer up a high five to someone eating a Junior Bacon Cheeseburger in a Jewish Temple.
Fact: Randy is the only known person to tear a man eating a Junior Bacon Cheeseburger's arm right off his body by giving him a high five in a Jewish synagogue.
Fact: Randy is the only known person to rip a man eating a Junior Bacon Cheeseburger clear in half by giving him a high five in a Jewish synagogue.
Fact: Randy is the only known person to disintegrate a man eating a Junior Bacon Cheeseburger by giving him a high five in a Jewish synagogue.
Fact: The light display caused by Randy giving a man eating a Junior Bacon Cheeseburger in a Jewish synagogue a high five is visible from space.
Fact: Randy knows what percentage of that destroyed Jewish synagogue is made of bugs.
Fact: When Randy runs low on ground left feet, he uses left arms to make his Junior Bacon Cheeseburgers.
Fact: When entering a Jewish synagogue it is customary to say "peace" in an attempt to keep Randy from giving you a high five.
Fact: Randy is the only person known to give a man eating a Junior Bacon Cheeseburger a low five in a Jewish synagogue, but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy has eyes on the back of his head... When he wears his crown made from human eyes.
Fact: Randy knows at what temperature a crown made from human eyes will boil.
Fact: Randy has a crown made from human eyes.... Apparently
Fact: Randy’s crown is dehumanizing.
Fact: Randy often hums the tune that would become the MacGyver Theme while wearing his crown made from human eyes.
Fact: Eric Carmen's "Hungry Eyes" is about Randy cooking his crown of eyes. It was originally titled "Hungry For Eyes"... but people with glasses got offended.
Fact: Randy emerged from the womb in complete control of his speech and language. It was pretty unsettling.
Fact: Randy emerged from the womb in complete control of the mic, spitting an sick rhyme about life in the hood as he was delivered.
Fact: Randy emerged from the womb with complete soundblaster and midi drivers.
Fact: Randy emerged from the womb this morning before coming to work.  He named his room the womb.  It’s because of a speech problem he had as a kid.
Fact: Randy's not a fan of music videos, so he decided to make MTV the channel of crack-whore filled reality TV shows.
Fact: When Randy is feelin' it he can eat a truck load of tacos.
Fact: Randy's idea of quick tacos is jumping onto a taco truck and stealing their tacos
Fact: Randy's idea of quick tacos is throwing them at you at 100 mph. Tacos really hurt at 100 mph
Fact: It took Randy a long time to finally eat a taco because he was too busy using them as a projectile weapon.
Fact: OpenArc keeps one of their former clients in a jar because of what Randy did to them when they didn't live up to expectations.
Fact: “Burritos” is what happens when Randy has deemed that a particular left foot has served its purpose.
Fact: Randy's pet chimera had twins named quick and painless
Fact: When tying his shoes Randy ties the right foot in a bow and his left feet in a chalupa.
Fact: In 1976, Randy bought a 10% share in Apple Computer. He’s been laughing at Ronald Wayne ever since, and he hasn’t aged a day.
Fact: Kevin Bacon starred in Footloose because Randy had just cut off his left foot and he wanted to alert authorities without Randy finding out. Naturally, Randy has never seen the movie.
Fact: Randy put the eral in funeral. That's right, while everyone else was focusing on the fun, Randy was taking care of the rest of it.
Fact: Randy put the Errol Flynn in funeral. Apparently Randy thinks he made a terrible Robin Hood.
Fact: Randy put the Errol Flynn in Erron, but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy also put the "fun" in funeral. He likes to stare at dead people.
Fact: Randy has never missed a funeral. In fact he even takes out the priest as not to leave any witnesses.
Fact: In the year 541 Randy got a bit carried away with a length of piano wire that he used to slice people in half. After he was finally done the world was divided between the halves and the half-nots.
Fact: In the year 541 Randy proved that hay is not for horses by murdering a smart ass child in a piano.
Fact: Every time Randy is defeated in battle he falls into a bunch of commemorative pictures of his favorite Pokemon characters... but the next night he rises from the Ashes and is reborn!
Fact: In the year 512, Randy got a bit carried away causing a seg fault. He was super pissed.
Fact: In the year 640, Randy determined that his annual accumulation of a kilobyte of RAM was now sufficient and was all anyone would ever need.
Fact: Joan Osborne wrote an interrogative song about Randy.
Fact: Half of a byte is a nibble. Half of Randy could defeat the Mongol hordes.
Fact: If God was one of us, he still wouldn't fuck with Randy.
Fact: If God was a stranger on a bus, he still wouldn't fuck with Randy. He'd just give him his seat.
Fact: If God had nobody calling on the phone, it's because he'd have a shared minutes plan with Randy, and Randy would have used up all the minutes on it, and God still wouldn't fuck with Randy.
Fact: Randy does the limbo under power lines.
Fact: Randy does the limbo under subway lines
Fact: Randy prefers the third railing. Eric doesn't wanna talk about it.
Fact: Randy stared at Medusa and she got pregnant.
Fact: Randy recruited his and Medusa's children into his ginger army. It's now a motley collection of soulless children and snake-headed infant devil-creatures.
Fact: Randy communicates with females on bikes exclusively through the use of basketballs
Fact: Randy once told a joke to the ruler of China. They invented the internet slang "lmao" to commemorate the event.
Fact: Randy once told a joke to the ruler of China. They didn't get it because it wasn't metric.
Fact: Randy once got Mao to say "tongue"
Fact: After getting Mao to say "tongue" Randy cut it off and fed it to the children in the movie Goonies. Randy doesn't get the reference of course because he's never seen it.
Fact: Randy once vacationed in Italy.  He met some dude and talked his ear off for like 3 hours.  The dude couldn’t understand a thing Randy was saying but knew better than to point it out.
Fact: The last time an Italian questioned Randy he threw him into the wood chipper and invented meatballs.
Fact: Randy once vacationed in Italy.  They didn’t have pizza logs so he left.
Fact: Randy once vacationed in Italy. He met some dude and talked his ear off for like 3 hours. The dude couldn't understand a thing Randy was saying because his ears had fallen off.
Fact: Three months later, Randy returned to his vacation spot in Italy and picked up the conversation where it left off.
Fact: In 1492, Randy brought pizza tree seeds to the New World so that Native Americans could also appreciate pizza logs.
Fact: Pizza tree seeds are naturally spicy. They are often mixed with dried flakes of cayenne peppers and loaded into flavor maracas. The American pioneer Sir Pizza is often credited for being the first to use the pizza tree seeds as a seasoning, but historians link their invention back to 1492 when Randy dropped some on the ground while eating lunch and creating America's first crop of pizza logs.
Fact: Randy once vacationed in Italy, when he found out the Super Mario brothers were made up characters he began pushing a bell tower over, when they bribed him with pizza logs not to he forgave them.
Fact: Pizza logs originated in Pisa when Randy was bribed out of toppling a bell tower.
Fact: There were originally two leaning towers in Italy, one in Pisa, and one in Log. Randy destroyed the entire city of Log when he found out that the Super Mario Brothers weren't a real thing.
Fact: Randy only thought that the Super Mario Brothers were not real because he was looking at Super Paper Mario from the edge.
Fact: Randy was Screech’s stunt double on Saved by the Bell.
Fact: Randy knows how much of Saved by the Bell's meat is actually insects.
Fact: Schrödinger's cat was playing near Randy's wood chipper while it was pointed at a barrel full of spaghetti sauce. The cat has never been seen again, but even Randy's not sure if it's alive or dead.
Fact: Randy wears his emotions on his sleeves, but they know better than to let anyone else know how Randy is feeling.
Fact: Randy wears other peoples hearts on his sleeves, sewn together as a robe. He also wears their eyes as a crown.
Fact: Randy wears his emotions on his sleeves, but they are covered by a layer of live mice.
Fact: Randy tracks his time by mailing a representative count of leftover pizza logs to Atlassian headquarters every Friday.
Fact: Under Randy's other hoodie is a layer of live Bryce Harper. The Washington Nationals have been wondering where he went.
Fact: Randy invented the paper towel and encouraged Paper Mario to use it after a hot shower. Randy killed Paper Mario.
Fact: Randy once threatened his lawn so he wouldn’t have to buy a lawnmower.
Fact: Randy is unable to grow a beard because he threatened his chin once.
Fact: Randy actually died over 300 years ago, the afterlife is just too afraid of him to let him enter.
Fact: Randy actually died over 300 years ago, his body still moves around due to a layer of mice...
Fact: Randy actually died over 300 years ago, but he drinks a lot of water, and between his skeleton and that... the steam power keeps him running.
Fact: Randy wants Tibet to be free just so he can conquer it himself.
Fact: Randy wants Tibet to be free because he's too cheap to pay for a lawnmower.
Fact: Randy bought a goat for his trek to free Tibet and to mow his lawn.
Fact: Randy can cook a grilled cheese on his stomach because his skeleton is on fire.  He never gets to eat it though as he is covered with live mice.
Fact: Under Randy's other hoodie is a layer of Ray Rice. It's dangerous under that one.
Fact: A mummy once tried to curse Randy while he was exploring the pyramids, but after Randy heard what he said, he made him wash his mouth out with a bar of soap.
Fact: In Soviet Russia, Randy still throws people into wood chippers.
Fact: Randy stopped throwing people into wood chippers in Cuba and China
Fact: Randy likes Thai food almost as much as he likes tie fighters.
Fact: He said PEANUTS people!
Fact: The amount of spice in a type of food is normally measured on the Scoville Scale. Randy uses the Randy scale. Positive numbers increase how hot his skeleton burns and negative numbers are for wimps... like Attila the Hun.
Fact: Randy used to throw around a shark named Macheath. The loss of life and limb was terrible but it helped launch Louis Armstrong into stardom.
Fact: When Randy heard the phrase "out of the frying pan and into the fire" his first thought was, 'Where does one find a frying pan large enough to cook someone?'
Fact: Randy is well practiced at burning people alive, so he's never questioned the second part of the phrase "out of the frying pan and into the fire."
Fact: Randy thinks that all firemen are liars. He's stopped, dropped, and rolled hundreds of times and his skeleton is still on fire.
Fact: Randy once threw a basketball at a girl on a bike.
Fact: A girl on a bike had the same ringtone as Charlie. Randy heroically saved the day with a basketball before it could wake the dead and start a zombie apocalypse.
Fact: Randy once threw a girl on a bike at a basketball.
Fact: Randy once threw up on a girl on a bike with a basketball.
Fact: Randy once threw a motorcycle at Lebron James while he was carrying a full grown woman.
Fact: Randy once threw Soviet Russia at a girl on a basketball.
Fact: Randy once threw a baskeball game by subbing in a girl on a bike to play point guard.
Fact: Randy once threw up a girl on a bike at a basketball game.
Fact: Randy once threw down with a girl on a bike after she rudely ran into his magic flying basketball.
Fact: Randy once threw a basketball at a girl on a bike so he could throw the basketball at the bike on the girl.
Fact: Randy ate beans with George Wendt.
Fact: Randy witnessed a kid throwing a basketball at a girl on a bike, and did not run.
Fact: Randy witnessed a kid throwing a basketball at a girl on a bike. He didn't run, he joined in.
Fact: Randy joined the church of Latter Day Saints and witnessed to a girl on a bike who had been hit by a basketball.
Fact: Randy biked to Soviet Russia to attend the basket ball and dance with a female weaver.
Fact: Randy once they an elderly person at the church of Latter Day Saints
Fact: Randy once went on a stint as a Jehovah's Witness. After claiming the left feet of those who refused to open their doors and speak with him, he was asked politely not to return.
Fact: Randy once walked through a girl on a bike as a force ghost who looked like a basketball.
Fact: Randy wanted to commemorate the throwing of a basketball at a girl on a bicycle.  To do so, he created the Magic card “Throw Basketball at Girl on Bicycle”.  It costs 4 colorless mana and in played as an instant.
Fact: Randy is a girl on a bike being hit by a basket ball... he's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Only pizzas log hours for writing randyfacts.
Fact: Randy is actually 50 feet tall. He's just really good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy once saw a waitress get seduced in a Mexican restaurant…. but Bill Cosby doesn’t want to taco ‘bout it.
Fact: In his days walking the beat in downtown Manhattan Randy arrested the cast of Sesame Street as they revealed the letter of the day. They were charged with "P"-ing in public
Fact: Randy once drank a bunch of ink in an effort to sign a whole bunch of paperwork “in a unique way” let’s just say it didn’t work, and he’s no longer allowed within 150 yards of a Chuck E Cheese.
Fact: When Eric writes a bad randyfact, he asks Randy for forgiveness. You can almost feel his apprehension as he awaits his fate. Luckily, Randy doesn't usually mind.
Fact: Randy doesn't mind when Eric writes a bad randyfact because... well... at least Eric is doing something dangerous.
Fact: Randy once made an omelette from a dinosaur egg, he took one bite and decided on cheerios instead.
Fact: Count Chocula cereal is actually sold year round. It's Randy's favorite and he buys the entire stock as they make it. He just gets tired of eating it around October.
Fact: In most arguments Randy doesn’t have a leg to stand on, he does however have the worlds largest pile of rotting left feet.
Fact: Randy has actually suffered from Count Choculitis.
Fact: Sometimes when people have an idea they like to bounce it off other people to see what they think. In Randy's case, all his ideas are actually basketballs and he's only interested in the opinions of girls on bikes.
Fact: Randy has a website.  If you scroll all the way down you’ll notice that all of the information in the footer is floated right.
Fact: Randy likes to wear the severed legs of a shaolin monk on his back.
Fact: The warmth of Randy's hoodie is partly responsible for the rat problem in Australia.
Fact: When Randy gets spam email, he fries it up and spreads it on a bagel.
Fact: Eric doesn't want to talk about the fact that Randy likes the dragon hea.... nah. Too easy.
Fact: Randy once licked the hypnotoad. Shortly thereafter he invented pink floyd.
Fact: Randy never 3/4-asses anything.
Fact: Randy half asses everything.  He only has half an ass.  One of the small imperfections left behind after he and Bobby split via mitosis.
Fact: Every year for Halloween, Randy gives out Zingers to the non-smart-ass kids. The rest of them get thrown in the wood chipper, they can't all have Zingers, folks.
Fact: Randy got arrested by the Vatican police after impersonating a priest for Halloween.  They shackled his left foot and performed an exorcism.
Fact: One year Randy tore off all his flesh and went as his own skeleton for Halloween. He ended up burning down the entire neighborhood though and didn't get any candy, so he only did it one year.
Fact: Randy's left feet make a brief appearance in "Night of the Living Dead."
Fact: Official company business isn't truly official until Randy has declared it in the OA site's footer.
Fact: The left half of the OA site's footer is conspicuously missing.
Fact: Jason can hear Randy even if he's not here.
Fact: Erron can hear Randy even if his headphones are on
Fact: In space, you can still hear Randy.
Fact: Randy got lost in a carriage return.
Fact: Randy once thought that in order to begin a new line, you had to literally feed the computer food. Everyone was surprised when it worked.
Fact: When Randy snorts, his cursor moves to the next line.
Fact: Randy's layer of live mice dress up as a hoodie for halloween.
Fact: Randy is the one Lionel Richie’s love interest was looking for.
Fact: Randy shits zombies.
Fact: Randy has never combed the desert but he has been known to hoe Hoth.
Fact: He said DESKS people!
Fact: They say you are what you eat, we all know that’s not true, cause Randy doesn’t eat anything at all and he’s still here.
Fact: Randy doesn't require food. He survives on pure awesomeness
Fact: They say you are what you eat. Randy ate a hoodie, a layer of live mice, a burning skeleton, and 5 gallons of spit and vinegar.
Fact: Randy quits things cold, turkey.
Fact: Randy eats turkey cold, but his skeleton cooks it before digesting.
Fact: While interrogating Randy, someone once tried to put his cigarette out on Randy's forehead, but he ended up catching the rest of it on fire instead.
Fact: Randy can't shower, the water all turns to steam because his skeleton is on fire.
Fact: People think that Randy is dirty because he can’t shower.  His skeleton sterilizes everything though.
Fact: Randy's skeleton kills any disease that enters his body. He still takes sick days when he's sick of everyone at the office though. You better believe if he's sick of you, you do not want him at the office that day.
Fact: Randy is covered with live mice, he’s beyond giving a shit if he can shower or not.
Fact: Randy is covered with live mice, under that, you can probably tell.  It’s ok though, cause that’s what fuels his skeleton.  He prefers to call it “dark matter” but we all know what it really is.
Fact: He called the shit, poop!
Fact: “The Tortoise and the Hare” is an adaptation of the age-old fable, “The Light and the Randy."
Fact: If you name one of your party members "RANDY" on the Oregon Trail, they will never get sick, but your wagon will catch fire every other turn.
Fact: In Pokémon Yellow, if you name your trainer “RANDY” and get the Master Ball, the game crashes, as the trainer repeatedly tries to cast the Master Ball on himself.
Fact: The original Konami code was based on Randy's initials. This code proved too powerful, as it allowed you to win without playing the game. They ended up changing it to up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, B, A, as a tribute to Randy's favorite dance moves.
Fact: Randy was an unlockable character in the original Mortal Kombat, but the publishers had him removed because his fatality was too gruesome. (also Scorpion was jealous because Randy's whole skeleton was on fire, not just his skull)
Fact: Randy was an unlockable character in the original Mortal Kombat, but the publishers had him removed because his fatality actually killed people playing the game.
Fact: In Mortal Combat, Randy’s fatality was to sing a Finnish hymn so beautiful that his opponent shattered like glass.
Fact: Randy has actually tasted a rainbow, he thinks Skittles are full of shit.
Fact: Randy can shoot lasers from his eyes, but he ends up bouncing them off his lightsaber in battle, so he doesn't bother.
Fact: All magic comes at a price, but Randy has buy one get one free coupons for it.
Fact: All magic comes at a price, but if you call now, Randy will also send you a free wand holder.
Fact: All magic comes at a price, in Randy's case, that price is a wholesale price.
Fact: As a child, Randy got magic at a Fisher Price.
Fact: Turning up the thermostat at Open Arc just makes Randy's skeleton burn hotter.
Fact: All magic comes at a price, but Randy won his on a game show with Bob Barker
Fact: When Randy casts _Detect Magic_ he receives the exact dollar value of any magic he detects.
Fact: Randy's favorite magic spell is Plinko. You might say it's not a magic spell, but he's already disappeared with your wallet while you're watching and waiting to see where the pinko chip lands!
Fact: Some people think Randy is a zombie.  He’s not, just because he eats people alive, and saves rotting piles of left feet doesn’t make him a zombie.
Fact: Some people think Randy is a zombie.  He’s not, but he did forget to flush.
Fact: Some people think Randy is a zombie.  He’s not, he just has rabies, and he wouldn’t have it any other way.
Fact: Some people think Randy is a zombie.  He’s not, he just had a hard time letting go of Halloween this year.
Fact: Some people think Randy is a zombie. He's not, he just really likes bath salts. Especially the vanilla pumpkin spice scent.
Fact: Some people think Randy is Rob Zombie. He's not, he just also happened to make a terrible, soul crushing remake of the movie Halloween.
Fact: Some people think Randy is the song Zombie by the Cranberries. He's not, and those people are tripping on some serious acid.
Fact: Some people don't like zombies like Randy, but some people do.
Fact: Some people think Randy is a zombie. He's not, he's just really good at Jedi Mind tricks
Fact: Some people think Randy is a zombie, and they’re dead on.
Fact: Some people think Randy is a zombie. They may be right, but are you going to ask him?
Fact: Some people think Randy is a zombie, and they're also zombies now.
Fact: In 1776, Randy first established the united prostates of America.
Fact: Some people think Randy is a zombie, he’s not but he did go as a zombie fashion model for Halloween once, called himself the Abercrombie Zombie.
Fact: Some people think Randy is a zombie, he's not, but if he only had a brain, it wouldn't be above him to see how it tasted.
Fact: Some people think Randy is a zombie, he's not, well, he used to be, but he got better.
Fact: Some people think Randy is a zombie.  He's not, but he drank poison from the puffer fish once. It's a little too spicy for his taste, he prefers a -1 on the spicy scale.
Fact: Some people think Randy is a zumba instructor. He's not, but he can tear it up on the dance floor.
Fact: Some people think Randy is a Roomba. He's not, and those are mice on his head, not a cat.
Fact: Some people think Randy is a Zamboni. He's not, and his fiery skeleton tends to make a mess of the ice rink.
Fact: Randy dances like a monkey cordially inviting a watermelon out on a date much the way a fine English gentleman would.
Fact: Randy has been known to use B-534 fighter jets in place of crunch berries.
Fact: In reaction to the recent Bitcoin surge, Randy invested in several international dentistry chains.
Fact: Randy’s belly button eats sharks
Fact: Randy has a 401k, if by 401k you mean hundreds of thousands of left feet in his collection.
Fact: Randy sweats nightmares.
Fact: Randy knights sweaters.
Fact: The cold wakes up in a Randy sweat.
Fact: The last time Randy sweat, Noah had to put two of each animal on a boat.
Fact: Sometimes Randy wakes up in a cold sweet, but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy can handle pressure. He's defused countless bombs, saving countless lives. Oddly enough, however, he sucks at the game Operation.
Fact: Randy and his wood chipper chase Freddy Kreuger around in his dreams
Fact: Randy likes to invade homes and fist-fight the families inside in his spare time.
Fact: Randy prefers Freddy APIs.
Fact: One-Two, Randy's coming for you. Three-four, Knows his star wars lore. Five-Six, REALLY good at jedi mind tricks. Seven-Eight, a million severed feet to date. Nine-Ten, Eric will never speak again.
Fact: Randy once started a cult. Things got a little out of hand when the other cultists started pulling peoples hearts out and dropping them in a pit of lava. Randy left just before Harrison Ford showed up.
Fact: Randy once started a cult. HE thought the kool-aid tasted great, and wondered why it made everyone so sleepy.
Fact: The band Hanson wrote the hit song Mmmbop. Randy followed it up with the much more deadly Hale-Bopp.
Fact: Randy began collecting left feet in high school not long after his English class finished Hemingway’s “A Farewell to Arms."
Fact: Randy collects copper pennies because he thinks they’ll be worth more in the future.  No one really knows why he collects left feet.
Fact: I mean… you can’t pay for anything in left feet.  It’s not like you can melt down left feet and have something of value either.  I can kind of see the pennies thing but feet?
Fact: Left feet also take up way more space than pennies do.  Like… you can keep pennies in a jar.  He has a mountain of rotting left feet.
Fact: Some people collect coins too you know?  It’s a hobby like collecting stamps.  But left feet?  That’s pretty messed up even by Randy’s standards.
Fact: Nobody can tell Randy that he can't put his left feet in a jar if he wants to.
Fact: Randy doesn't like to ruin his nice mason jars with left feet.
Fact: Eric actually knows why Randy collects left feet, but :eric_does_wanna_talk_about_it:
Fact: Randy's skeleton is responsible for global warming
Fact: If a randyfact is not very funny Randy will sometimes use forced laughter. He waves his hand and someone else laughs.
Fact: Randy thought left feet were like pigs feet, hence why he keeps them pickled.  The confusing part is he hates pigs feet.
Fact: Randy once had a back yard BBQ using his skeleton to cook.
Fact: The comedian Red Skelton was so named because he was inspired by Randy’s burning skeleton.
Fact: Randy thinks that domesticated rodents are funny looking.
Fact: Randy is able to fly.
Fact: Randy can do whatever the fuck Randy wants to do
Fact: The Flyers are fans of Randy.
Fact: Randy's favorite bird is the mockingjay.
Fact: Randy uses a drone to deliver bad news on parchment.
Fact: Randy flew his drone to Buckingham Palace so that it could mate with the Queen. :bee:
Fact: Randy uses his drone to retrieve severed left feet from people who have fallen victim to his Saw like traps.
Fact: Randy uses his drone.... but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy's drone is dynamite with a laser beam.
Fact: 9 out of 10 podiatrists agree that not pissing off Randy is a damn good start.
Fact: 9 out of 10 podiatrists agree that foot sustainability should be measured by Randy distance.
Fact: 9 out of 10 podiatrists list Randy as their arch nemesis.
Fact: 9 out of 10 podiatrists agree that the price of left shoe insoles should be dramatically lowered due to an over abundance.
Fact: It's Randy's fault that 9 out of 10 podiatrists lost half their business
Fact: 9 out of 10 “podietrists" have spelling errors on their signs. The other one is Randy.
Fact: Randy threw that damn 10th podiatrist in his wood chipper
Fact: The 10th podiatrist is in the witness protection program.
Fact: 9 out of 10 podiatrists agree that it’s easier to talk to Randy’s amputees when they spin the whole “left foot” thing to mean the foot that’s left.
Fact: Randy throws 9 out of 10 pediatricians through his wood chipper, because of their proximity to smart-ass children.
Fact: Randy froze his capricious tendencies on a stick, packaged it, and sold the first whim-sicle on Craigslist. It melted and evaporated during delivery, of course, and the world got a little more chaotic.
Fact: 9 out of 10 podiatrists buy their practice feet on Randyslist.
Fact: Steve Buscemi is glad he called Randy.
Fact: Randy broke into the armed robbery scene in ’99. He got away from it in ’05. Better safe than sorry, he maintains.
Fact: 9 out of 10 podiatrists agree that pod racing was lame, but they don't dare criticize star wars in front of Randy.
Fact: The first time Randy used Git he was told to check out the main branch. He spent 45 minutes outside staring at trees before he figured it out.
Fact: When Randy prints something out he can still click on the links.
Fact: Randy's finger prints are actually a full print out of wikipedia's current featured article.
Fact: Randy wears a suit when he is fixing his wood chipper.
Fact: Unlike everyone else, Randy does not need to “get down” on Friday.
Fact: Randy needs to purchase feather pillows on Friday.
Fact: Randy cleans his wood chipper on Sundays. It's convenient. I mean he's already wearing his suit.
Fact: Randy irons his wood chipper repair suit with an iron maiden.
Fact: Randy is planning to bring Disco back in the year 2973. He looked ahead into the future and those people are jerks. So they kinda deserve it.
Fact: Randy murdered Robin Hood, where he's going, he doesn't need rogues.
Fact: Randy burned the shroud of Turin, where he's going, he doesn't need robes.
Fact: Randy knocked over the colossus of Rhodes, where he's going he doesn't need ancient Greece.
Fact: Randy taught the indians how do do smoke signals using the Shroud of Turin.
Fact: Randy cuts pieces off of the Shroud of Turin and sells them as Sham Wows
Fact: The shroud of Turin was a one time thing. Randy normally covers bodies with the Shroud of the Avatar.
Fact: Randy secretly hates Richard Garriott.
Fact: Randy uses the Shroud of Turin as a babushka when it rains
Fact: Randy fights bulls with the Shroud of Turin.
Fact: Randy can't figure out how the bulls got the Shroud of Turin.
Fact: Randy secretly replaced the Shroud of Turin with the Shroud of Turok just to see if anyone would notice.
Fact: Michael Jordan has broken into Randy's house.
Fact: It is actually Randy's face that appears on the Shroud of Turin. The beard just throws everyone off.
Fact: Randy can retrieve shot arrows in Turok 1.
Fact: When wielding a ranged weapon in battle, Randy never carries ammunition with him, he just grabs it out of the air as he needs it.
Fact: What happens in Vegas stays in Randy’s surveillance collection.
Fact: If Randy could turn back time he would probably also have found a way to take back words while doing it.
Fact: Randy once changed a tire on a Delorean mid-time-travel.
Fact: Randy never carries any amphibians on his person. Where he's going, he doesn't need toads.
Fact: If Randy could reach the stars… Oh, that’s not hypothetical.
Fact: Randy was on Dancing with the stars.  He asked the judges if they liked dragons and left.  Randy don’t dance.
Fact: Randy dances with the stars... Oh, that's not figurative.
Fact: Several members of Randy's ginger army were shot down in one of Randy's space ships in mid-1947. The government covered up the incident, fearful of retaliation from Randy.
Fact: Randy's doomed ginger army space ship crash landed on a family of ninjas.
Fact: The term foot soldier was coined when Randy created an army of people who would obey his every command, as they were promised left foot amputation immunity.
Fact: The nickname for the soldiers in Randy's ginger army who are guilty of misconduct or failure to follow orders is the "Bouncing Battalion".
Fact: Mr. 3000 is a loose biography based on Randy's MLB career.
Fact: Randy was voted Miss Travis 3 years in a row.
Fact: Randy can make bacon any time you want it... but you gotta eat sausage. Look, he has to use the whole animal. Nothing's going to waste.
Fact: Randy uses 147% of the animal. He lets nothing go to waste, not even the parts the animal didn't know it had.
Fact: Randy uses 147% of the animal, but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Theologians have launched eschatological studies on Randy not being allowed to go to a party in high school, despite his mother insisting it wasn't the end of the world.
Fact: The first Rule of randyclub is that you don't talk about randyclub. The 34th rule of randyclub is that Eric doesn't talk about randyclub.
Fact: "Skadoosh..."
Fact: Randy's nipples can actually cut glass. And titanium. And most other materials known to man.
Fact: Randy's nipples cannot cut Francium.
Fact: Glass cut by Randy's nipples always points due north.
Fact: Birds fly south of Randy in the winter to avoid getting cut by Randy's nipples.
Fact: Birds flying into airplane  propellers is an ever present threat, but Randy's nipples made the dodo go extinct.
Fact: Smart ass children fly South in the winter to avoid getting cut by Randy's nipples, but end up going right into a wood chipper.
Fact: Randy is the 7th Fastest growing idiology in the US. He's 7th because it takes a while to kill an idea.
Fact: It's hard to fit an idea in a wood chipper.
Fact: Randy is open to new ideas... he'll just have to run them through the wood chipper first and get back to you.
Fact: Randy killed 971 ninjas in an all-out sword fight. 31 of them died on his katana, the other 940 were cut in half by his nipples.
Fact: Randy prefers to have the Amish deliver the gas to power his wood chipper.
Fact: Kanye West and Kim Kardashian named their first child after Randy's nipples.
Fact: I find your obsession with Randy's nipples disturbing.
Fact: Randy's nipples are on the TSA's list of prohibited items. This makes commercial air travel pretty annoying for Randy.
Fact: Randy once boarded a plane headed north to Toronto from Pittsburgh. When the plane suddenly rerouted west to avoid a storm, Randy's nipples tore through the right side of the fuselage and the plane had to make an emergency landing in buffalo. His nipples have since been banned from air travel.
Fact: Randy knows where Goku is.
Fact: If you have problems throw them in a wood chipper and let Randy sort 'em out.
Fact: Randy once took a camping trip, he went to Walmart and set up a tent in isle 9 and stayed there for 3 weeks.  No one really cared, he kept quiet and all.  They even let him package the tent back up and put it back on the shelf when he was done.
Fact: While Randy was camping at Walmart the shoe department had a steep decline in demand for left sneakers.
Fact: Randy shot a 26 point buck on his camping trip to Walmart. He had it mounted and donated it back to the store for display when he left.
Fact: Walmart had a problem with deer wandering into the store before Randy made his camping trip. Randy tried to hunt them all down, but accidentally killed the guy in the Easter bunny suit in the process. Now Walmart is o.k. with the deer.
Fact: Randy owns a pretty awesome band wagon. Eric built it and everyone else jumped on.
Fact: Randy went on the ultimate deer hunting trip to the north pole. That one he has on his wall with the light up nose is pretty damn cool.
Fact: Randy’s mailbox has a flux capacitor.
Fact: Santa's suit was white before Randy's hunting trip to the north pole\
Fact: Parents eventually tell their children that there is no Santa because telling them that there used to be before Randy shot him down, and then mounted him in a Walmart, is cruel.
Fact: Randy mounted Santa, like on a plaque, not the other way.
Fact: I don’t want to talk about that last fact.
Fact: This has been a good randyfact session.
Fact: Randy has successfully forded the Pacific Ocean in his band wagon. He lost 19 bullets, 3 wagon tongues, and 12,235 left feet in the process.
Fact: Randy thinks that educational games should be more dangerous. He has published many titles including Math Blisters and Oregon Entrails.
Fact: Randy gave his entire band wagon Dysentery. He didn't contract it himself, he just had it in a jar.
Fact: Randy doesn't contract diseases, but he does get diseases to sign contracts with him.
Fact: Randy only had Dysentery left at the time. He had already traded his jar of small pox for some blankets.
Fact: Randy has a jar with Jar Jar in it.
Fact: Randy left his Jar Jar jar ajar.
Fact: Randy threw his ajar Jar Jar jar out a plane and said jaronimo.
Fact: It's really jarring to hear Randy say jaronimo. You know an ajar Jar Jar jar is not far.
Fact: Apparently Randy has a lot of jars
Fact: Randy stared in a B-movie titled "JarFace" in which he said the word "Skidoosh" a lot.
Fact: Randy can can a can, can he?
Fact: Randy was in a B-movie, but he didn’t get stung.
Fact: Randy grew a geometry in his back yard.
Fact: Randy grew a trigonometry in his back yard  because his other trees weren't at the right angle.
Fact: Randy grew a telemetry in his back yard, and when it was old enough to understand, he let it know exactly what it was.
Fact: Randy grew a binary tree in his back yard.  He threw it into a wood chipper when it was fully grown.
Fact: Randy named a triangle Andy and then threw it in the hole for being obtuse.
Fact: Eric offers Randy his nuts, but he doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: This randyfact is acorny joke about nuts.
Fact: The slogan for the tree trimmer company working on Caleb's street is: "Back by 1:30, or you can have our left feet!"
Fact: When his usual one is out on loan, Randy can fashion a makeshift wood chipper out of a cardboard box, some bale twine, and his nipples.
Fact: Randy has sent countless letters to the Guinness book of world records who refuse to acknowledge him as having the worlds largest pile of rotting left feet.
Fact: The Guinness book of world records has the largest pile of rotting left feet letters.
Fact: Randy holds the record for most world record submissions for an unacknowledged pile of rotting left feet.
Fact: Randyfacts has a pile of left feet facts.
Fact: Long time ago, Randy mixed up his left and his right… He MEANT to start a pile of right feet, and when he finally figured out he was wrong, he didn’t want to start over so he stuck to his guns.
Fact: Many people say it’s important to start out on the right foot.  This is because of Randy.
Fact: The road to hell is paved with good intentions.  The road to Randy’s house is paved with left feet.
Fact: Randy's burning skeleton has a malformation... it has a left foot.
Fact: Between the years 3000 and 1000 BC, when Randy would reap the left foot of a significant person in history he would have it bronzed.
Fact: During the first Olypmic games, 3rd place winners received a bronze left foot from Randy.
Fact: We call him Bigfoot because he only has one.  Thanks Randy.
Fact: Randy has Bigfoot's left foot bronzed in his trophy case. Nobody has seen him because it's hard for a guy to get around with one foot.
Fact: Randy knows a guy that owns an excavator.
Fact: Randy bought a big bag of Snickers candy bars and placed them in the hands of all the victims of Medusa.
Fact: A prerequisite for being in Randy's ginger army is that one must have their left foot cut off and replaced with a robotic one. Randy keeps the original, obvi.
Fact: Randy is immune to electricity, he just doesn’t know it yet.
Fact: Randy is a cyclops, the other one is painted on, and the glasses are just to try and hide it.
Fact: Randy's ginger army also consists of cyclops he's recruited over the years. Unlike his little medusa-devil-children, there's no relation.
Fact: Randy's cyclops eye inspired the all seeing eye on the $1 bill.
Fact: Randy was won at dancing with the devil in the pale moonlight.
Fact: Nature has to hand it to Randy... so it made the Devil's Finger Mushroom.
Fact: Randy's bear hands are just average. You can never give them two thumbs up.
Fact: Bears don't have thumbs, but they have left feet.
Fact: Randy doesn't like to subject his precious left feet pile to dangerous measuring instruments, like metal rulers or scales.
Fact: The human ankle connects the foot at a 90 degree angle so that Randy can throw left feet around like a boomerang.
Fact: Fool Randy once, shame on him for running you and everyone who's ever known you through a wood chipper.
Fact: Randy’s back is totally covered with a tattoo of a magic eye poster.  If you stare at it long enough you can see a picture of Randy murdering you in a wood chipper.  No one has ever survived staring at his tattoo to confirm, however.
Fact: It's hard to see randy's magic eye tattoo behind all the rats and smoke.
Fact: Bobby is Randy's polar opposite. He steals right feet.
Fact: Randy gets busy with his wood chipper around Christmas time.  Left feet are the best stocking stuffers.
Fact: They say that people who spend a lot of time together start to look the same. Randy met Bobby during his fight with Gilgamesh in 3000BC. At the time Randy had 3 heads,  Dark Taupe skin, and was 17 feet tall.
Fact: Who watches the Watchmen? Randy, of course.
Fact: You can inch away from Alex, but Randy can foot away from you.
Fact: Randy knows all the words to the Spanish national anthem.
Fact: Cher can not turn back time.  Neither can Randy, he just thinks the song is catchy as shit.
Fact: Randy can only turn back time at the Carnegie Museum of Natural History.
Fact: The term Soft Shoe was coined to describe tap dancing after Randy had cut off an entire dance troupe's left feet. The bloody stumps made the shoes really soggy and the name serves as a reminder not to perform "Singing in the Rain" in front of Randy.
Fact: All of Randy's internet activity is monitored by the NSA, but they can only handle so many uploads of bodies being run through a wood chipper before looking away.
Fact: Ain’t nobody got time for that, except Randy.
Fact: Randy is immune to the Bronchitis.
Fact: Randy is immune to brontosauruses.
Fact: Randy is immune to the Denver Broncos.
Fact: Randy is immune to Potassium Bromide.
Fact: Randy is immune to brunch. All food he consumes between breakfast and lunch disappear into a void.
Fact: Randy is immune to Ford Broncos... at least he found OJ guilty.
Fact: Until recently Randy thought flash animation was drawing cartoons on his… let’s just say he’s not allowed within 150 yards of a grade school any more.
Fact: Randy is immune to brawn as well as brain.
Fact: It's not an effective weapon to throw brains at someone. Especially Randy.
Fact: Randy is immune to broccoli.
Fact: Broccoli is immune to Randy because it doesn't have any feet
Fact: Randy is immune to cauliflower because he's not a flower and the vegetable's long distance plan sucks.
Fact: Randy never met a ninja he didn't like, but that has a lot to do with the fact that he doesn't feel like he's met someone if he's crushing their still-beating heart to dust in his grasp before they've even made eye contact.
Fact: Some people can’t fight their way out of a paper bag.  Neither can Randy, but this is only because he wants to save the bag.
Fact: Randy can punch his way into a paper bag.
Fact: Randy can infiltrate paper bags using guile and deceit.
Fact: Randy has been known to ask "paper or plastic?" immediately before punching people. Most people don't care to understand the reference as they are pummeled with fists.
Fact: Randy has saved more paper bags than damsels on train tracks.
Fact: Damsels on train tracks don't recycle... And Randy doesn't think they deserved to be saved.
Fact: If you want Randy to save a damsel on the train tracks, tie her up with plastic bags. He'll save the bags, and he'll let the damsel live
Fact: Randy can’t fight his way out of a paper bag, he has however, once fought an old bag whose bones crumbled like paper.
Fact: Plastic bags are actually Randy's only weakness, besides his expensive obsession with tricked out monster trucks. He doesn't collect them to save them. He collects them to destroy the one thing that can weaken him.
Fact: Some people have a man cave.  Randy has a caveman.
Fact: Building a man cave is so easy, even a caveman can do it. Barney will be done with Randy's man cave by Thursday.
Fact: Randy’s man cave is built out of the rest of the bodies of his male left feet victims.
Fact: Randy holds together the bodies of his man cave with mortars. He never knows when he needs anti personnel ordnance.
Fact: Randy holds the bodies of his man cave together with the plastic bags he used to suffocate the victims.
Fact: Randy saves bags just in case he has to move his left feet anywhere. One at a time would take forever.
Fact: Most bags that Randy lets end up in a land fill have a J on them.
Fact: Randy doesn’t have a land fill.  He does have a land Phil.  It’s a stretch of land covered with dead bodies of people named….. I’ll show myself out.
Fact: Cyril Wecht has nominated Randy to perform the autopsy on his left feet.
Fact: Randy's constantly on cocaine. Makes a lot of sense, when you think about it.
Fact: Really though, he's done a lot of shit, and cocaine explains just about all of it.
Fact: Cocaine is a hell of a drug, but Randy is even more of a hell of a user.
Fact: Randy has never been to a thrift store. He's not interested in second _hands_.... yet.
Fact: Randy owns a left foot pawn shop, on the off-chance someone's desperate enough to just hand over their feet to Randy. You'd be surprised how many customers he actually gets.
Fact: Randy buys his cocaine from a Mexican behind the Thrift store near his house.
Fact: Randy bought a Mexican at the Thrift store near his house.
Fact: Randy's ginger army has infiltrated the Mexican cartel, Randy hopes to lower the acquisition costs of his Cocaine addiction.
Fact: The live mice under Randy's hoodie are also addicted to cocaine.
Fact: Randy sold a some fake tickets to heaven to a couple behind KFC.
Fact: Randy's Mexican is named El Chapo. He's brought Randy so much cocaine from Mexico the authorities think he's running a cartel.
Fact: Randy's entire cocaine operation is code named "Skadoosh"
Fact: Every time Randy talks about his cocaine operation he figures, "Well, shouldn't let it go to waste..."
Fact: Randy lives his life on the edge... of a razor blade... while juggling cats.
Fact: Randy can tell you the exact date and time anyone will return borrowed Tupperware to you.
Fact: Randy was bitten by a traveling sales lady and turned into a Tupperware-wolf.
Fact: Unlike most Tupperware-wolves, Randy is immune to silverware.
Fact: Randy also knows Tupperware the castle is.
Fact: Randy also knows where the Tupperware castle is. It's in Delaware.
Fact: Randy was made in a factory like Tupperware. Although those are made from plastic. Randy was Rubbermade.
Fact: Randy caught the gingerbread man, and cloned him to create an unstoppable gingerbread army.
Fact: Randy once made a factory out of Tupperware.  He went out of business, but now has a good place to keep his Christmas sweaters.
Fact: Randy has a really strange belief. He meticulously places a live bee on every single leaf of a tree outside of the place where you work. As soon as you leave for the day he throws a softball at it and runs.
Fact: Randy has never found a body and thought it was suspicious. He knew exactly what happened when he murdered him.
Fact: An introverted Randy still looks at other people's shoes. He can't help it. They usually come as a package with left feet.
Fact: Randy actually has quite the shoe collection. Nevermind that they are all only left shoes...and the foot is still in them.
Fact: When Randy kills 10 million it is a statistic. When Randy kills 1, it is also a statistic. He's got to keep an accurate record of wood chipper usage for tax purposes.
Fact: Randy knows the street value of 16 kilos of cocaine.
Fact: Randy knows the value of all the cocaine on the streets
Fact: Randy knows the cocaine value of 16 kilos of street.
Fact: Randy knows the left feet value of 16 kilos of cocaine.
Fact: Randy knows the exact Tupperware you need to store 16 kilos of cocaine.
Fact: When Randy kills 10 million it is a statistic. When Randy kills 1, it is a fucking work of art.
Fact: A bloodstained canvas that happened to be propped up next to the output of Randy's wood chipper sold at an art auction for $50,000,000.
Fact: Randy actually killed Mason Verger. Hannibal Lecter just took the credit... and the left overs.
Fact: The value of human life dips every time that Randy is angry.
Fact: The value of human life dipped lowest when Randy found out McDonalds stopped serving breakfast til 11:00.
Fact: Randy is the reason why McDonalds decided to serve Breakfast all day. It was what was best for mankind
Fact: The value of human life balances itself back out shortly after Randy becomes angry because of the laws of supply and demand.
Fact: Randy's value of human life (LFTFT on the Nasdaq stock exchange) also crashed during 2008 due to the housing market. Randy had a bunch of money invested in real estate.
Fact: Randy has a tattoo of R2D2 on his gall bladder.
Fact: Randy tattooed R2D2 on his gall bladder with a ball point pen and the pointy end of a pike.
Fact: R2D2 likes to stand on Randy's gall bladder when he gets a tattoo.
Fact: R2D2 likes to play music by Tatu while Randy gets a tattoo.
Fact: The exoplanet Kepler 438b is code named "Randy's Gall Bladder" by smugglers stopping there before attempting the Kessel Run. There is one heck of a tattoo parlor there.
Fact: Smugglers stop at Randy's Gall Bladder to work up enough gall to attempt smuggling risky cargo... like Francium.
Fact: Randy finished his R2D2 gallbladder tattoo in less than 12 parsecs.
Fact: Phil Kessel worked as Randy's personal tattoo artist before pursuing a career in professional hockey.
Fact: The secret Santa gift for Randy was an inside joke. He killed and skinned 3 wookies last week.
Fact: The secret Santa gift for Randy was an inside joke.... about the insides of wookies.
Fact: R2D2 has a Randy tattoo on his motivator circuit.
Fact: While skinning Wookies for taxidermy purposes, Randy normally stops part way through to give its gall bladder a wicked tattoo.
Fact: Randy gives wicked wicket tattoos.
Fact: In addition to skinning wookies, Randy also butchers ewoks. He once made a delicious ewok stir fry in a wok.
Fact: Randy's favorite gospel hit takes place on Endor... "And Ewoks with me. And Etalks with me"
Fact: Randy has a tattoo of a guy giving him a tattoo on the dead body of a guy that gave him a tattoo.
Fact: Randy has a tattoo of Guy Fawkes giving him a tattoo of a Guy Fawkes mask.
Fact: If someone asks you if you’re a God you say yes!  if someone asks you if you’re Randy look around first to make sure he’s not there to hear you.
Fact: ...seriously. Even if it's just Bobby standing there I wouldn't take my chances and say that I'm Randy.
Fact: If Randy is there to hear you say that you’re Randy, he possesses you and you instantly know way too much about Star Wars.
Fact: There have been a rash of heads exploding attributed to people knowing way too much about Star Wars, but coroners list the cause of death as claiming to be Randy.
Fact: When your head explodes from Randy’s possession and overwhelming amount of Star Wars factage.  He does not claim your left foot.  He wasn’t *trying* to murder you, only make you see the light.
Fact: Randy does not use all-in-one printers. The last time he used one as a scanner, somebody's head exploded.
Fact: The Puppet Master movies are base on Randy's life. Both because his head is actually a giant drill bit and he looks a lot like Donald Sutherland when he screams.
Fact: Master of Puppets was actually written about Randy despite popular opinion. It was said James Hetfield had a preminition of the coming of Randy in 1986. This song was dedicated to him.
Fact: Randy once served as a pastor of muppets.
Fact: Randy is not here today.
Fact: Black Friday would be a lot worse if it weren't for Randy throwing entire crowds of people into wood chippers to keep the lines moving.
Fact: Black Friday is so named after the color of the hoodie Randy wears while murdering everyone.
Fact: Randy is having a half off sale on items that normally cost a whole leg.
Fact: Randy once really misunderstood when someone told him an item would cost him an arm and a leg.  It’s why he started collecting left feet.
Fact: Randy believes that left feet (much like copper pennies) are actually going to be worth something some day.  He’s wrong, but no one has the guts to tell him.
Fact: Anyone who has had the guts to tell Randy something he didn't want to hear.... no longer has those guts.
Fact: Randy has a dynamic duodenum.
Fact: Randy has a ginger army.  Their battle cry is that’s dumb.
Fact: Slackbot is secretly a member of Randy's ginger army
Fact: Randy also has a battalion of Andy Daltons
Fact: Randy misses Pete because Pete is dead to Randy now. He'll be over to collect your left foot when he gets back.
Fact: Caleb is only allowed to leave <#C04DUEUBW> when Randy permits it.
Fact: Randy inspired the song Saturday because that's his favorite day to dance the macarana.
Fact: Randy enlightens students by shining a spotlight in their eyes and demanding to know where they were on the night of the 12th.
Fact: Randy enlightens students by peeling the flesh back off of his arm.
Fact: If it's good enough for Randy, it's good enough for me.
Fact: If its good enough for Randy, it will probably melt your face
Fact: If it melts your face, it's probably good enough for Randy.
Fact: Randy was the first airbender... he just told air to get bent one day... and it did.
Fact: All of Randy's calories go to Bobby.
Fact: Randy's skeleton is made out of the same material as storm proof matches.
Fact: Randy didn’t wear diapers as a child.  Instead he coated his naked body with Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement since it’s guaranteed to stop leaks.
Fact: Randy hates onions. He coated his garden with Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement since it’s guaranteed to stop leeks.
Fact: Randy's skeleton melted the Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement he used as a diaper. Luckily, he mastered Potty Training at 1 week old.
Fact: Randy can't take Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement to the Star Wars 7 premier. It’s guaranteed to stop geeks!
Fact: Randy is actually a Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement salesman. He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy misses Travis
Fact: Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement just changed its packaging.
Fact: Randy coats all of his C/C++ project code with Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement since it’s guaranteed to stop memory leaks.
Fact: Randy coated the movie Hook with Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement since it’s guaranteed to stop Capt. Hook from killing Rufio.
Fact: Randy got the way he is from huffing Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Bobby got the way Randy is from huffing Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement
Fact: Randy's hoodie is coated with Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement since it's guaranteed to keep his layer of live mice dry.
Fact: When hired by the government to silence NSA whistle blowers, Randy coats ISPs with Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement since it’s guaranteed to stop wikileaks.
Fact: Randy has a Thomas Faucet. It drains into the Josh Pit.
Fact: Randy also has a Vincent Price, but it dipped below the value of human life ever since Vincent Palermo turned FBI informant.
Fact: Randy's ginger army gets Thanksgiving off.
Fact: Randy wins.
Fact: Randy's mitochondria have great cell reception.
Fact: I beat Randy to the punch... but he already poisoned it with arsenic so that no one else would drink it.
Fact: Randy punched first.
Fact: When he's on the mic Randy spits lyrics so fresh you have to wait a few days for them to ripen before they're safe to listen to.
Fact: Randy punches aliens.
Fact: Randy fixed the hole in the ozone layer with Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Smoke signals don't count as a form of communication for Randy. He likes dragons, but not enough to learn their language.
Fact: Randy can fart in 6 different languages.
Fact: When Randy farts, he creates a new language.
Fact: The character Pepé Le Pew is loosely based on Randy's life.
Fact: Randyfacts about farting have officially jumped the shart.
Fact: Writing randyfacts about farts is Eric's duty.
Fact: Randy has a juvenile sense of humor. He'll give it back when the little brat pulls at least a B in math.
Fact: Randy makes split pee soup.  It involves him and Bobby playing swords so…. don’t eat it.
Fact: Randy has been banned  throughout France and French speaking parts of Canada. Apparently when they answered "oi" they weren't asking him to demonstrate his amazing distance in pissing contests.
Fact: Randy can’t enter pissing contests in disguise because he pisses a stream in the shape of his signature.
Fact: Randy has a kit to deep fry a turkey but he uses it to store left feet.
Fact: Randy weighs his left feet in shit-tons. It's a metric unit.
Fact: It is a bad idea to eat hamburger helper if Randy made it.
Fact: Randy has the power to do all of the things I come up with without the drawback already.  He just plays along because he knows one of these days I’ll let him sell the sausage.
Fact: Randy sometimes locks people in a hallway. For fun he convinces them it was their own fault.
Fact: Randy only locks people in the closet if they still have their left feet.
Fact: Randy's birthday suit was a +4 suit of mithril plate mail, which makes it difficult for him to understand the idiom.
Fact: Danger used to be Randy's middle name, but he has it changed regularly to the actual catastrophic event that said danger might result in.
Fact: In the year 1986 Randy's middle name was changed to "Zone" in accordance with the nation's unhealthy appreciation of Tom Cruise.
Fact: In the year 1986 Randy had the F-14 Cat renamed to the F-14 Tomcat in accordance with the nation's unhealthy appreciation of his middle name.
Fact: Contrary to popular belief, Randy's middle name has never been "Will Robinson"
Fact: Randy once met Mrs. Robinson
Fact: Danger is no longer Randy's middle name because it has the word "anger" in it and the Anger Management meetings have been going pretty well so far.
Fact: Randy's Anger Management group are very concerned about the holiday season and the fact that Randy will likely encounter nativity scenes.
Fact: Randy's Anger Management group has advised him against pursuing a career overseeing state parks.
Fact: Randy does well with gold and incense, but myrrh usually triggers his anger issues.
Fact: Randy once visited Yellowstone National Park.  He got kicked out when he “fixed” Old Faithful by patching the ground with Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy has the ability to experience a timeline and then rewind time and make different decisions to change it. It's not that he's never had a girlfriend, they just all end badly with disputes about money and he has to keep rewinding.
Fact: Randy speaks about things as though they happened only yesterday, and if anyone calls him on it... he simply erases everything that happened between now and then.
Fact: Randy can pick up the pace, but only if you really need salsa. He's got errands to run on his way home today.
Fact: Randyfacts has a case of the puns.
Fact: When Randy opens his case of the puns, it causes a punnado.
Fact: Randy doesn't drive slow. He's just trying to pace himself. You try to drive while bathing in salsa!
Fact: When Randy paces himself by driving slow, he's headed to New York City.
Fact: Randy's junk is named "The Force"... so how does "May The Force be With You" sound now?  Or How about: "It penetrates us.  It binds us."?
Fact: Randy journeyed to the end of the rainbow, and there he found Levar Burton with a pot of books. Randy, disappointed, shook his head. "Rainbows can't read, Levar. Where's my gold?"
Fact: When Randy breaks the law, it takes a team of doctors and 3 years of physical therapy to recover.
Fact: Before competing in judged Olympic events, Randy hands out a second set of scorecards to judges that just have infinity signs on them so they can score his performance more appropriately.
Fact: Randy once wrote an archiving algorithm so efficient it actually caused the data to collapse in on itself and create a black hole.
Fact: Randy can put out a spot on the sun in the shape of his signature.
Fact: Randy can re-ignite a spot on the sun in the shape of his skeleton.
Fact: Randy can speak to the sun: “Sun, I am your father."
Fact: Randy took the moon to the prom.
Fact: Randy's date for the prom had a pretty celestial body.
Fact: Randy has a particular set of skillsaws. He typically uses them to remove left feet.
Fact: Randy made a banana flash video, but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: How many Woodchucks could Randy chip if Randy could Woodchip Woodchucks?
Fact: Randy dropped out of college to start Leftfootbook.
Fact: Before Facebook "lost the the", it was "The Facebook" which was a reference to where Randy stores his extensive library of game faces.
Fact: Randy is the Derek Zoolander of game faces.
Fact: Randy deserves a lot more credit for the events in hay diddle diddle than he gets.
Fact: Randy beat the shit out of the cow for moving in on his prom date.
Fact: When Randy’s feeling guilty, he frames a picture.
Fact: Randy ate and he ate, and he got stuck on the floor; he played some Nintendo 64.
Fact: RandyFAQs: Do you like dragons?
Fact: Randy wants a candy that melts in his mouth, but not by his skeleton.
Fact: Cause it’s on fire.
Fact: Randy’s house has a really good theft prevention system.  There’s no air inside.
Fact: Oxygen breathes Randy.
Fact: In Soviet Russia, Randy still takes your left foot off. Why the hell do you think he'd do it differently in Russia?
Fact: Randy thinks he wants a waffle, but he can’t decide.
Fact: It's Tuesday. Randy wants a ham barbecue. duh.
Fact: Randy hates winter.  Hates it.  Not because of snow, or ice, or the cold nah.  It’s because he can’t see in winter.  His skeleton is on fire, so he’s constantly surrounded by a cloud of steam…. and hobos.
Fact: Randy has his own religion. He's the unwilling savior of homeless people. He hates it.
Fact: Some people think Randy's an asshole because he refuses to give to the homeless. When they confront him about it, he responds by shouting that he's the savior of the homeless. It doesn't usually go over well.
Fact: A venerable deity, Randy’s motto is “Savior self."
Fact: Randy's favorite lunch meat is wood chipped ham.
Fact: Good job, Randy.
Fact: Randy saves. Passes to Moses. SCORES!!!
Fact: Randy saves. Everyone else takes d12 damage.
Fact: Randy is actually a can of Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy gains 1 IQ point for each randyfact created.
Fact: Randy is actually the bowl of fruit that rests on the chiquita banana lady's head... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually standing behind you right now with a knife... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the ceiling. Every time it leaks it's just him drooling in his sleep... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the reason why the hair stands up on the back of your neck... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: It’s a Wonderful Life had it wrong.  Every time a bell rings an angel loses his left foot because Randy hates bells.
Fact: Randy is why the hair stands up on the back of your neck. Look, everyone who does stuff this awesome deserves a standing ovation.
Fact: Randy has a weekly dinner with Morgan Freeman and Morgan Always lets Randy order for him.
Fact: Randy is actually at Disney World stealing candy from babies right now... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a 300 pound gorilla that doesn't like to be addressed... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the creator of Tetris looking for revenge on everyone who copied his game... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the bird from Flappy Bird... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a really tall muskrat... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the mascot for Bounty paper towels... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually covered in locusts... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy actually has his head trapped in a bee hive... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a tin of biscuits ... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the chemically imbalanced Italian inventor who created hop scotch... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually typing this as you read it... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually in a meeting... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks. Can I take a message?
Fact: Randy is actually singing his favorite opera song right now... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually made out of sound waves and bailing wire... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the island from Gilligan's Island ... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually licorice flavored... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually an undercover dolphin studying the effects of mind control on humans... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually trolling us. There is no Star Wars 7... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a 3 subject ruled notebook... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the Lizard King... Jim Morrison was just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually wanted for a triple homicide in Queens... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the inspiration for the theme song from Titanic ... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy's face is actually featured on all major US currency... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually made of Francium... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the voice of Shaggy... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually Bobby pretending to be a twins... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually air dropping Furbies to under-privileged children in Africa... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually on the verge of a major breakthrough in foul odor elimination technology... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: This little Randy went to the market, This little Bobby stayed home, This little Randy bought a wood chipper, this little Bobby bought none.  This little Randy Laughed with his bloody left foot stump all the way home.
Fact: Randy has been on the lamb for near 30 years. Turns out, sheep are comfortable.
Fact: Randy is actually the best Philly Steak and Cheese place in the East coast... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy has a pretty good mental sitemap of the 14.58 billion URLs out there, but he still likes to brush up on them from time to time.
Fact: Randy is actually the sponsored tweet at a funeral. He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy wears the C. It stands for Cookie and he's currently hiding from a blue furry guy that's trying to kill him.
Fact: Randy is actually trying to grow a beard... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy created the island of misfit toys.  It was either that or throw them in a wood chipper and he was feeling merciful that day.
Fact: Randy invented acid rain when he jumped out of an airlock after a xenomorph queen and threw her into a wood chipper during their descent toward the planet below.
Fact: Randy invents many things that are not dumb.
Fact: Randy invented the word that means someone is unable to speak.
Fact: If you ever have to look at Randy's nipples your life has gone in a strange direction. Fortunately they always point north so you can find your way back from there.
Fact: There was no actor named Randy Quaid until Randy wanted to be Dennis Quaid.

Fact: Randy merged with Dennis Quaid so he could do Quaid damage.
Fact: Randy deals Quad Damage in Quake and Hex Damage in Hexen. He does not deal Half Damage in Half-Life, however.
Fact: Randy has a murder of crowbars.
Fact: Bobby is afraid of townhouses. If Randy walks into one, they all burn down.
Fact: Randy has a pack of Wolfenstein cartridges.
Fact: Randy has a whole gaggle of mother goose fairy tales.
Fact: Randy has a 12-pack of redneck rampages.
Fact: Randy gets 7 hours of energy from a bottle of 5 hour energy.
Fact: Little Mr. Randy, sat on a tuffet, eating his ham barbecue sandwich.  Along came a Bobby with a door knobby he was eating wasabi.
Fact: Randy invented the shortening of Barbecue to BBQ. He has never taken a cent for the royalties.
Fact: Hey Randy Randy, with a cat named Sandy, threw a cow over the moon.  The little dog laughed until Randy took his 2 left feet.  And the dish and the spoon smoked pot behind his Pap Paps house.
Fact: Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall, the rest was Randy’s fault.
Fact: Randy sells seashells on the sea floor. He's able to withstand over 1,500 bars of pressure.
Fact: Simple Randy met a Brandy, going to the fair; Says Simple Randy to the Brandy... Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: There was an old lady who lived in a shoe. Randy leaves a lot of left shoes behind, and they are prime real estate for little old ladies.
Fact: As Randy was going to St. Ives, he met a man with seven wives, Each wife had seven sacks, Each sack had seven cats, each cat had seven kittens. Kittens, cats, sacks, and wives, How many left feet did Randy claim on is way to St. Ives?
Fact: "Eric's time has come", the Randy said, "to speak of other things. Left shoes, wood chips, and ninja tracks, of magic cards and rings. And why his skull is boiling hot and if they all have zings. Kaloo Kalay let's eat today at anywhere but Kings. "
Fact: Randy moves away from the mic to breathe in.
Fact: Every December 26th, Randy offers a gingerbread man to his ginger bread man: “Have some gingerbread, man!"
Fact: Randy believes in ginger bread man cannibalism.
Fact: Randy is actually buried under Yankee Stadium... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually Ben Affleck... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a swallow carrying a coconut... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the conductor of the pimp train to flavor town... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually three inches further to the left than he appears... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a mutant pineapple... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually Alfred E. Nueman... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy doesn't have a friend in me... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the last living tuna desperately trying to save his species... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually unable to finish a sente... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually your inner child reminding you to drive safely... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually under the influence of some particularly strong dart frog poison... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a reticulated python... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually an interrupting cow... He's just REALLY good at MOOOO!!!!
Fact: Randy is actually in stasis on his way to alpha centauri... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the Michelin Man... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks... and really tired of your shit
Fact: Randy is actually autocorrect... He's just RALLY gold at jedi millipede tracks.
Fact: Randy is actually eating a live circus performer... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: My response to many of Randy’s conversations is God Dammit!  This is to let Randy know I believe in him as a higher power and that I give him the credit he deserves for being all powerful.
Fact: Randy is the reason we drink milk.  Long time ago he dared Bobby to “yank on those dangly things and drink what comes out of them”.
Fact: Randy used his jedi mind tricks to influence OA to hire a commander from his ginger army so he could more easily relay orders while at work. We're on to you, Alex.
Fact: Randy’s not a religion man; he’s a religion, man. #RandyBars
Fact: Randy taught Mavis Beacon how to type.
Fact: Randy is actually Morgan Freeman's leftmost mole... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a well trained circus bear... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a claymation character come to life... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a floating plate of oatmeal cookies... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually Marc Summers on break between double dare recordings... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually Amanda Bynes... She's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the only proof of intelligent life on Planet Earth... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a Giraffe with a lisp... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually an entire crate of zebra cakes... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a facehugger implanting an alien in your stomach as you read this... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a potted plant with a vendetta... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually Pinky and the Brain in a robot suit working on a plan for world domination... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually forcing you to read this right now through the power of suggestion... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a human sized pencil sharpener... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a giant Twilight fan with posters all over the wall and everything... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a herd of elephants... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually an aging hippie's pony tail that has become self aware and wrestled for control from the host... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually on his way to sante fe... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a well armed Roman centurion wondering how he got to the future... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy wins.
Fact: The first year that Christmas was celebrated the tradition was to hang ornaments on Randy. He killed everyone who did it and it took a long time for the holiday to be brought up again.
Fact: Randymas.
Fact: Plenty of people bitch about needing to put Christ back into Christmas, what they don't realize is... it _used_ to be Randymas, and Randy already fucking DID put Christ back into it just so they'd shut up.
Fact: Randy can ride to Sirsday in two separate cars simultaneously. 
Fact: If you look at Randy while he is in your passenger seat he might collapse into existence and destroy your car.
Fact: Randy has never bought new shoes. He drags his feet though so the tread is constantly wearing out. But he just fixes them with Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: When Randy was a baby they dressed him in a twosie
Fact: when Randy goes to a Stiller game, the fans pay more attention to him. 
Fact: Randy used to be a hockey goalie. He'd wear no pads, gloves, or stick. He'd just catch the puck in his teeth. He would then score a goal as he spit it out.
Fact: Randy's yellow sweatpants are more of a Steelers fan than you will ever be.
Fact: Randy has a house sized poster of a house.
Fact: Randy has an atlas he uses to keep him from getting lost.... On the sun.
Fact: When Randy tells you to raise the roof, you raise the roof. Or else you won't get a lifesized AT-ST
Fact: Randy throws the best balls. They have a petting zoo and clowns and everything!
Fact: Randy throws the best balls... but eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy is actually a sith lord... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the lord of the dance!!!... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy actually rides in all vehicles going to Sirsday every week... He's just REALLY GOOD at Jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a mild mannered reporter... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a mallard with a cold... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a grilled cheese sandwich... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually made entirely out of paperclips... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the largest rainbow trout on record... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually dusting all of Eric's sunglasses with trace amounts of arsenic to slowly kill him... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a young George Lucas who traveled to the future in a clever disguise to find out how well his movies are doing... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually better when warmed up in a toaster oven... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the golden goose hiding from the giant... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually working for Sir Pizza and using the power of suggestion to get us to eat there every week... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually Donald Trump hiding from the media frenzy... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a wombat... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the logo for Red Lobster... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Every time the police find one of Randy's victims they are stumped... you know... because they can't find the left feet. I'll show myself out.
Fact: Randy is actually out of order. Try back next Tuesday... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually aging backwards from 103... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the result of banned animal experimentation... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the embodiment of the destructive power of the world's combined nuclear arsenal... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually Arsenio Hall... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually made out of lime jello... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the last man on earth... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually at grand central station waiting for the A train... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually grand central station... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the tallest sky scarper in the world... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a life sized AT-ST... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually an out of tune trumpet... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a monarch butterfly... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the only person who likes mayonnaise... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually thomas the tank engine... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually an abstract artist's rendition of the statue of liberty... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually Bill Cowher... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a yellow school bus with wheels that go round and round... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a WWII USO performer who's jazzy arrangement of Somewhere Over the Rainbow transcends time itself... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy has actually had the hiccups since the 7th grade... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the crack in the liberty bell... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the sparkle in Rob Lowe's smile... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually an mob informant in witness protection... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually jim morrison... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks... and he likes to talk to himself.
Fact: Randy is actually nursing a baby tiger back to health... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually inspector gadget... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy’s blood is eyeshot.
Fact: Randy is actually the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy knows the temperature at which his eyeshot blood boils.
Fact: Randy is actually all over the front page as a runaway fugitive... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a love sick grizzly bear... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a slightly irate grizzly bear... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a totally bored grizzly bear... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a sanguine grizzly bear... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a financially secure grizzly bear... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually an embarrassed grizzly bear... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually an insanely jealous grizzly bear... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually Angry Panda The Cheese Avenger!... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a remarkably clever grizzly bear... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy discreetly levitates his chair whilst in it everyday at exactly at 2:22 PM..
Fact: Randy hums the first few bars of the HMS Pinafore while trying to be nonchalant. Makes it really hard for him to do things discretely.
Fact: Randy spends his summers in the Ideon Cave in Crete, which makes it really hard for him to do things discretely.
Fact: Randy assassinated Oscar the Grouch when his mother told him to “take out the trash."
Fact: The titan Rhea hid the infant Randy in the Ideon Cave in Crete, not Zeus as once thought.
Fact: As an infant, Randy's favorite game was Hide and Go Seek with the greater gods.
Fact: Randy sunk the Titanic because the gods told him they were at war with the titans.  He was a little overzealous.
Fact: Oscar the Grouch got his name when Randy tossed his award in the garbage outside the ceremony.
Fact: Randy’s not going to let you finish, but Beyonce...
Fact: Randy is actually the best music video of all time... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually cobra commander... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks... and eric doesn't want to talk about it
Fact: Randy used to play the game The Sims until he found out the wood chipper is not available unless you purchase the DLC.
Fact: Randy's game comes with optional TLC. But they don't mind doing all those private concerts. It's not like they're swimming in other music opportunities.
Fact: If blood turned into gold Randy would be a billionaire but for now all he has is a giant pile of left feet.
Fact: If blood turned into gold it would be really hard for Randy to clean his wood chipper.
Fact: Randy is actually the longest running non-news program on television... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually addicted to extreme base jumping... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy doesn't actually miss Travis.  Randy NEVER misses.
Fact: Randy misses Travis!
Fact: Randy wins.
Fact: Randy sent the Hydro Adventures kid back in time so he could one day become Obi Wan Kenobi.
Fact: When Randy dies in a video game, he removes one of the live mice from under his hoodie and throws it against the wall. PETA usually isn't very happy about it.
Fact: Randy might kill a dragon, steal its loot, and wear its severed left foot as a trophy, but he really respects the dragon for all of the gold they have horded over the years.
Fact: Fred Rogers was a ruthless serial killer until Randy scared him straight.
Fact: Randy won a 5 Foot TV. They are all left feet.
Fact: When Randy is passed out drunk, Bobby fills in for him.
Fact: Randy does not breathe fireballs, but he does drink them.
Fact: Randy scared a group of teenagers who had been "scared straight" back into drinking again.
Fact: Randy eventually destroyed an AT-AT on Hoth with a slingshot over the course of 14 years by just staying behind it. He also built some 178,000 snowmen when he wanted to take a break from shooting rocks.
Fact: Randy's power animal is also a party animal.
Fact: Randy has won every TV he has ever looked it.
Fact: Randy has been on every TV he was ever won.
Fact: Randy doesn't get drunk, he gets more awesome
Fact: Vodka hides Randy all over the house.
Fact: The only guarantee Randy will ever offer is the guarantee that Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement will stop leaks.
Fact: Randy doesn’t understand why anyone would use Pepto Bismol for diarrhea.  It doesn’t work nearly as well as Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy can get Eric to want to talk about it.
Fact: Eric knows how much Randy drinks.
Fact: Randy tried to flip Eric to be a mob informant for a Rico case... but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: One year, Randy tried to grow a huge pumpkin to enter one of those “Hey look at how comically huge this pumpkin is I grew” contests.  It got so big it was partially in his neighbors yard.  So he had to pay him 20 bucks a month just to keep his pumpkin.
Fact: Randy asked Eric how to hook up his new TV to a KVM so that he could switch monitors while gaming... but Eric doesn't want to talk about IT.
Fact: Randy eats significantly more sausage after having met me.
Fact: Randy has a magical cauldron in his back yard.  He was gonna do something with it, but never got around to it.  It’s just a bird bath right now, but one day….
Fact: Randy doesn’t believe the bartering system is dead.  He tried one time to pay for gas with a Kordell Stewart rookie card.
Fact: Randy’s retirement plan is to sell his Kordell Stewart rookie card.
Fact: Randy doesn’t know much about football.  But he does have a prized Kordell Stewart rookie card.
Fact: Randy has a magical cauldron in his back yard.  But it can only spawn a Kordell Stewart rookie card.
Fact: Randy got his prized Kordell Stewart rookie card signed in Schenley park...but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy cooks a rather artistic Kordell Stew in his magical cauldron in his back yard.
Fact: Randy has 3 things in life that he would die for.  His pile of left feet, a ham barbecue sandwich, and his Kordell Stewart rookie card.
Fact: Randy one a Magic the Gathering tournament by playing his Kordell Stewart rookie card.
Fact: Randy two a Magic the Gathering tournament by playing his Kordell Stewart rookie card.
Fact: Randy forged the signature on his Kordell Stewart rookie card.  That’s why the value is so high.
Fact: Randy forged the signature on his Kordell Stewart rookie card by placing it in a pile of snow and peeing on it. That's why the ammonia content is so high.
Fact: Randy can sign for a package by pissing on the delivery truck driver.  But he can’t pay on delivery with a Kordell Stewart rookie card.
Fact: At least 43 different commercial plane crashes have been a result of someone telling Randy to "just wing it" when he asked them how to do something mid-flight.
Fact: There are some things in Randy's life that rookie cards can't buy, for everything else, there's Kordell Stewart.
Fact: The Louisiana  Territory was originally purchased off of Randy with a Kordell Stewart rookie card.
Fact: Back when Randy was allowed to fly he would ask for the Kordell Stewartess. It got really inconvenient for the Pittsburgh Steelers game schedule.
Fact: The Declaration of Independence has that faint yellow tinge from when Randy signed it.
Fact: Randy is able to perfectly forge any signature by peeing in the snow. The only trouble is, most forgeries are really only useful when signed on specific documents, but Randy is working on making giant snow contracts a thing.
Fact: Randy is actually the last star fighter... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually holding his breath until somebody finally buys him that GI Joe skull fortress play set that he always wanted... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the world's most accomplished jazz pianist... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually constantly surrounded by a swarm of bees... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: The last time Randy played Oregon Trail he was obsessed with the Hunger Games book series. Halfway into the game he lost 4 oxen, Peeta ran away, and President Snow contracted dysentery. It's not the kind of snow contracts he was going for, but he successfully forded the river and that's always a win.
Fact: The transfer of ownership of the Louisiana Territory was officiated using a giant snow contract that Randy created.
Fact: When Randy fords a river in the Oregon Trail, he always loses oxen, but he usually also gains giant man-eating lobsters.
Fact: When Randy plays the Oregano Trail, he always achieves the rank of Seasoned Veteran.
Fact: Fish call Randy the "Bringer of Snails" but it has nothing to do with the time he spent as a waiter in France.
Fact: Randy can ford a river on a Kordell Stewart rookie card.
Fact: Randy cut up his Kordell Stewart rookie card into little pieces and sold the confetti on Craigslist. The story ended up on Slashdot.
Fact: Randy misplaced his Kordell Stewart rookie card one time.  He got angry and punched the ground, it caused the breakup of Pangea so, he doesn’t get angry anymore.
Fact: Randy ripped the corner off of his Kordell Stewart rookie card to claim his left foot.
Fact: Randy fixed the hole in Aerosmiths soul with Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy has a pet tapeworm.
Fact: Randy's pet tapeworm wraps all of his presents for him.
Fact: Randy’s pet tapeworm mated with Randy’s pet duck.
Fact: Last Halloween Randy had a pet masking tapeworm.
Fact: Randy’s pet tapeworm enjoys Scotch.
Fact: Randy's pet tapeworm used to work for hidden camera shows. Sure you know he's always taping but he's pretty hard to see.
Fact: In the 90's Randy worked together a deal between Chris Hansen the band Hanson. He figured if anyone wanted to talk to one, they should probably talk to the other as well.
Fact: Randy can smoke cocaine.
Fact: Randy owns the Esco Bar downtown; he serves Colombian drinks laced with Fun Dip powder, stirred with  Fun Dip sugar sticks. He keeps exotic birds in the rafters.
Fact: Randy has rafters in his attic. They should’ve thought twice before rowing so close to Carnegie.
Fact: Randy knows where Jimmy Hoffa’s body is located.  It’s buried in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Randy knows where your guarantees are. They’re buried in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Randy is the reason all your dreams are dead.  They’re buried in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Kevin Costner is buried in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Randy’s Kordell Stewart rookie card is kept safe in a lunchbox buried in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Randy found what Bono’s looking for. It’s buried in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: In 2013 when Randy checked the unmarked graves next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie he found that the Pirate's winning season had emerged from its grave with 20 years of plant growth strewn about.
Fact: I want to know what love is. Randy knows and it’s buried in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Randy made peace with himself long ago; his hatchet is buried in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Randy found this meme humerus. He found it buried in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Satan sold his soul to Randy.  It’s buried in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: ET couldn't phone home because his phone was buried in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Frank's hand is messed up because he was buried in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Randy can only write Randy facts like he writes his own signature... and nobody wants to see that.
Fact: Randy’s thumbprint looks like the Mona Lisa.
Fact: Randy's thumbprint is an Italian lady who looks very indifferent.
Fact: Randy's buried the hopes and dreams of the Cleveland Browns in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Every photograph ever taken of Randy ends up being attributed to the late abstract artist, Pablo Picasso.
Fact: The works of the late abstract artist Pablo Picasso are inspired by what Randy did to Frank's face when he talked shit about Star Wars.
Fact: ET couldn't phone home because he was also on Randy and God's shared minutes plan, and Randy had used up all the minutes talking to Bobby about Magic the Gathering.
Fact: When it dies, Randy plans on burying his pet tapeworm in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: The grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie is in fact marked, just most people can't tell because of how Randy marked it. Anyone walking their dog next to it knows though.
Fact: Dogs can read Randy's signature. Well, they can't really read it, but they know it's him.
Fact: Randy sometimes signs in aurebesh to confuse dogs that read his markings.
Fact: Even hipsters like Randy's fire skeleton.
Fact: Randy has never phoned in a performance, but Charlie has... and he got a standing ovation... from underground workers at CERN labratory.
Fact: Randy writes letters to a donkey in Europe who can’t read, but appreciates the smell of graphite.
Fact: Long before anyone ever opened up the puzzle box in hellraiser Randy released the graphites. He appreciates the smell of graphite
Fact: Randy invented lead poisoning. Donkeys in Europe don't blame him for changing the makeup of no. 2 pencils, but appreciate the smell of graphite.
Fact: Randy has a mine in the world of Tron where he harvests graphite from The Grid.
Fact: One time Randy left his wood chipper out in the rain when he was distracted by an avalanche on his left feet pile.  The motor rusted and seized up.  It’s now buried in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Randy only weighs -115 pounds, yet still… he can do the truffle shuffle better than you can.
Fact: Randy can sniff out Star Wars items at a White Elephant gift exchange like a god damned bloodhound.
Fact: Randy knows a neat trick to make a pencil disappear, but it's only good if you like the smell of graphite.
Fact: Randy gave an anemic anemone an enema while it listened to Eminem.
Fact: Ænima is Randy's favorite Tool album
Fact: Randy likes diphthongs, but Eric doesn’t want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy owns American Eagle. Not the stupid retail chain. The actual bird. America pays him royalties every time they show the presidential logo.
Fact: Randy liking dangling participles, Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy’s classmates learned i before e except after c.  Randy learned that he could get an A no matter what he did.
Fact: Randy’s teachers gave him apples.
Fact: He said APPLES people.
Fact: Randy sought employment at the Genius bar so he could ask patrons, “How do you like them Apples?"
Fact: Randy can split an atom with a karate chop.
Fact: Randy can split an Adam with a karate chop too.
Fact: Randy's wood chipper isn't allowed within 1000 yards of a Chuck E Cheese.  Damn annoying kids
Fact: Randy once visited Neverland Ranch in an attempt to acquire Michael Jackson’s left foot…and Bubbles.
Fact: Randy is really good at making balloon animals.  He skins an animal alive, then inflates the pelt with air.  Looks just like the real thing.
Fact: Shortly before Michael Jackson's death Randy acquired his left foot... and Bubbles... in a bankruptcy auction.
Fact: Bubbles is buried in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.  He is also missing his left foot.
Fact: Randy reasons that one should never eat pancakes for their birthday breakfast, because pancakes never grow up.
Fact: Randy can split a dam with a karate chop too.
Fact: The Johnstown flood museum has a room dedicated to Randy.
Fact: Every night, before bed, Randy reads a bedtime store to Bobby, from the book of the dead.
Fact: Randy is the reason the evil in Mordor does not sleep.
Fact: Randy forged the zero ring.
Fact: Randy doesn't like change. He prefers to stay the same... twice.
Fact: Sauron tried to tempt Randy with his ring. Randy put it on for a while and was just like, "It's not like it does anything I don't already do on my own" and handed it back.
Fact: Randy will never speak with a chiropractor. He doesn't like back talk.
Fact: Chiropractors have tried for years to straighten Randy out, but he's always just told them to get bent.
Fact: 9 out of 10 Chiropractors agree that Randy is a tough one to crack.
Fact: 9 out of 10 Chiropractors agree that they’re glad they’re not Podiatrists because of Randy.
Fact: 1 out of 10 Chiropractors have cracked Randy's back... and suffered 3rd degree burns as a result.
Fact: Randy is actually snacking on the severed head of a goat... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a hobbled together collage of left feet who is starting to realize that we're on to him... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually made of water vapor and lemon scent... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually Elon Musk's musk... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the winner of a Charlie Chaplin look-a-like contest... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy claimed the left foot of Grimace as a favor to the Hamburglar.
Fact: Randy is a peripheral visionary.  He can see into the future, just way off to the side.
Fact: Randy is actually Mayor McCheese... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy put the smile on Pete's face... but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy has murdered 12 people with a Twizzlers Pull and Peel.
Fact: Randy knows how many strands of a Twizzlers Pull and Peel it takes to choke someone.
Fact: Randy requires no strands of a Twizzlers Pull and Peel to choke someone... but he appreciates the smell of strawberry.
Fact: Randy knows how many licks it takes to get to the center of a tootsie roll pop. He also knows how much force it takes to choke an owl.
Fact: Randy once bet a man $42.57 that he could correctly guess the favorite band of any owl.
Fact: Randy thought the Grinch was set on an owl farm.
Fact: Nobody is entirely sure which Townsend's Randy to guess the favorite band of any owl.
Fact: Randy's favorite cooking show host is Julia wood chipper.
Fact: A common misconception is that Randy was raised by wolves. Randy was raised by dragons, and they taught him the life skills he needed to one day raise his own pack of wolves.
Fact: In addition to whatever else he's doing at the time, Randy is also playing a game of Magic the Gathering against someone, and kicking their ass at it.
Fact: Randy is actually a sheep in wolves clothing... he's just really good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Circa 1637 Randy was busy gathering all of the magical artifacts that he could find from around the world when he got the idea for a wicked sweet card game!
Fact: Randy is actually a dragon in sheep's clothing...he's just really good at jedi mind tricks
Fact: When Randy transforms into a dragon during the "Finish Him" stage of web development he always has one really beefy arm.
Fact: Randy's beefy arm is 100% USDA certified.
Fact: When Randy lends out money for first time home owners he always has one really beefy ARM.
Fact: The USDA has special loan programs for first time home owners buying farm property using Randy's one really beefy ARM.
Fact: When Randy has beef with someone, it literally means he's punching them in the face.
Fact: I’ve got a lovely bunch of coconuts.  But not as lovely as Randy’s.
Fact: When I typed coconuts, I meant coconuts… not stuff I wouldn’t want to talk about.
Fact: Randy is always the one to get totally wasted after 2 drinks, grope somebody, and pass out at the holiday party. Mostly because of his name.
Fact: I’d tell you who he groped, but *sniff* I don’t want to talk about it…. AMANDAAAAAA!!!!!
Fact: Randy's is bigger.
Fact: Eric usually doesn't want to talk about it, but sometimes Randy makes him talk about it anyways.
Fact: Randy wishes that Neil Walker had been traded to the Rangers, rather than the Mets. He hoped to address him as Walker, Texas Ranger.
Fact: Randy doesn't even know who Neil Walker is, but he can kick Chuck Norris' ass any day
Fact: Randy kicks Chuck Norris' ass every Tuesday, but he CAN kick it any day.
Fact: When Randy finds out who Neil is, he'll put him in a walker.
Fact: Randy traded in his Ford Ranger for an AT-ST walker.... in Texas.
Fact: Randy thinks Neil Walker was the first dude to walk on the moon.  It just seems logical to him.
Fact: Randy punched Neil Walker all the way to the moon with his beefy arm, making him the first man on the moon, and simultaneously changing his last name.
Fact: What's a small step for man is a relatively moderate skip followed by a jump for Randy.
Fact: There's a crappy NES game about Neil Walker's Randy-induced journey to the moon.
Fact: Randy can beat you in thumb wrestling with his hands in his pockets.
Fact: I didn’t mean to insinuate that your hands would be in his pockets.
Fact: Eric thumb wrestles with his hands in Randy's pockets, but he doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: I just meant he didn’t need to have his hand on your hand to thumb wrestle you, they could be in his pockets.
Fact: Randy doesn’t need to use his hands to thumb wrestle you.
Fact: Eric probably wrote that last randyfact, but don't ask him. He probably won't talk about it.
Fact: If you win a thumb wresting match against Randy in his pockets, you get to keep his belt. Randy has never lost his belt to anyone this way.
Fact: Other things you may find in Randy’s pockets if you thumb wrestle him in there.  The cup of Christ, a map to the lost city of Atlantis, and an everlasting gobstopper.
Fact: Randy has lost his belt many times, but usually because he set it under a pile of laundry the night before.
Fact: One time after Randy lost his belt he just took one from Mike Tyson for the day. It was kind of heavy but it did its job.
Fact: Randy bit Mike Tyson on the ear to show him who's boss.
Fact: Randy's thumbs wrestle in his pockets. His left feet rot on a pile.
Fact: Mike Tyson is afraid to kick-box against Randy.
Fact: Mike Tyson is afraid to kick boxes against Randy.
Fact: Randy and Bobby went on an adventure once into the woods.  Their mother always told them not to, but Randy left a trail of rotting left feet behind him to help him find his way home.
Fact: One day Mike Tyson woke up on an old Greek man's doorstep inside a flat rate shipping box. Randy didn't quite understand the rules of boxing.
Fact: When Randy retired as extreme light-weight champion of the world he took a video of himself opening an iPhone and posted it on youtube. Randy didn't quite understand the rules of unboxing.
Fact: Randy is actually the voice of every looney tunes character... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually Yogi Bear's collar... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually made entirely out of ants and pickle relish... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually Margaret Thatcher's ghost... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually visible form outerspace... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually on the course working on his golf swing right now... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually halfway into a hot dog eating world record... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually an 800 pound gorilla in a black hoodie... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually wider than he is tall... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the last known whereabouts of Amelia Earhart... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually larger than life and twice as ugly... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually skinnier than a bean pole... He's just not very good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a superman impersonator... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy can bound tall buildings in a single leap.
Fact: Randy has a keyboard shortcut bound to leaping tall buildings.
Fact: Randy’s password on his luggage is 12345.
Fact: Randy will have the soup de jour, because it sounds good.
Fact: Many people were scared out of their wits when a radio version of H.G. Wells' _War of the Worlds_ was broadcast on radio in 1938, believing it was real. It has since been dismissed as a hoax, but it was actually a live commentary of Randy's invasion of Mars and enslavement of the Martian people.
Fact: Randy has enslaved the Martian people.
Fact: Randy decided that being Martian was good enough to qualify you for service in his ginger army. Red hair, red planet, close enough.
Fact: By extension, Randy has enslaved Matt Damon.
Fact: Matt Damon, also known as the Macgyver of Mars, is a high-ranking general in Randy's ginger army.
Fact: Matt Damon wakes up when Randy fires up his laptop each morning.
Fact: Matt Damon, the Macgyver of Mars, was found not guilty of stealing the theme song from Randy who hummed it while rescuing two dogs.
Fact: Randy can get a television that’s too big to fit into his car to fit with a bottle of hot sauce.
Fact: No Bobby's were hurt in the fitting of Randy's TV into his car with a bottle of hot sauce.
Fact: Everything the dark touches belongs to Bobby
Fact: Randy and Bobby never high five; Bobby is made up of Randy's anti-particles.
Fact: Randy won't talk about his mom's sister but Bobby will. Bobby is made up of auntie-matters.
Fact: Sometimes when you think you are talking to Randy you are actually talking to Bobby. They're both just really good at Jedi Mind Tricks.
Fact: Bobby's actually pretty pissed that he drew the dark matter when he and Randy were splitting up ownership rights to every particle in the universe.
Fact: Randy is actually a rodeo bull that just escaped and is really angry... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy claimed his first left foot when he was just 10, he thought his neighbor stole his Kordell Stewart rookie card so he lopped if off with a hacksaw.  When Randy found out the card was in his room the whole time.  He killed the poor innocent child for not telling him where it was anyway.
Fact: When the going gets tough, Randy smacks it with a meat tenderizer.
Fact: Randy had trouble putting the going through his wood chipper the first time, but a few good smacks with the meat tenderizer did the trick.
Fact: Randy named his right arm Rodgers and his meat tenderizer Hammerstein because they put on a good show.
Fact: Shel Silverstein didn't need to write a book to tell us where the sidewalk ends; we already knew. It ends at Randy's wood chipper.
Fact: The Giving Tree didn't want to give anything to Randy, but Randy fucking took it, and he put it through his wood chipper.
Fact: Randy won’t stop until we’re all excited
Fact: Randy has a magical cauldron in his back yard.  He drowns children in it.  There’s no liquid in the cauldron though.  It’s magic.  Remember?
Fact: Randy taught early cavemen to play Asteroids using sticks and rocks.
Fact: Every child that drowns in Randy's magical liquid-less cauldron sees his Kordell Stewart rookie card right before they die.
Fact: Randy could beat "Empire Strikes Back" on the Atari 2600
Fact: Everyone makes a regular ham BBQ sandwich, but some times Randy shouts slurs about pigs at one and it becomes a mean ham BBQ.
Fact: Randy can dig all the dirt in "Empire Strikes Back" on the Atari 2600.
Fact: Randy has a magical cauldron in his back yard that he fills with barbecue sauce when he’s not drowning children in it.
Fact: Randy knows  where you live and he's seen where you sleep. I swear to everything holy that your mothers will cry when they see what he's done to you.
Fact: Randy fills his cauldron with magical barbecue sauce. Not because the cauldron is magic. He got the recipe from his great aunt who lives in New Orleans and she makes great barbecue sauce! Plus she practices voodoo. But we think it's the recipe.
Fact: Mark swears to Randy that your mothers will cry when they see what he's done to you.
Fact: Randy says you better pray to the god of skinny punks that this wind doesn't pick up, 'cause he'll come over there, and jam an oar up your ass.
Fact: One could argue that Randy’s tears are in Russell Crowe’s bank account.
Fact: Randy made an animated GIF of him removing Steve Wilhite's left foot for correcting the way he pronounced GIF.
Fact: Bobby asked for animated peanut butter, stat. Randy got it for him in a GIF.
Fact: Bobby asked for animated peanut butter stats. Randy got him the mana cost and HP for the card from the MTG wiki.
Fact: Bobby asked for an animated peanut butter tatt, Randy obliged. He's a professional with animated ink.
Fact: For many years, Randy sold “I Can’t Believe It’s Not Animated Peanut Butter” out of a red wagon in Rogers, Ohio. He did okay.
Fact: Pinocchio is the closest thing to wood that has ever been in Randy's wood chipper
Fact: Randy likes to crush up nerds into a powder and snort them, but for fun he sometimes uses candy instead.
Fact: Some people walk in their sleep, Randy walks in other peoples sleep.
Fact: Leonardo DiCaprio once tried to insert an idea into Randy's mind while he was asleep, but upon arriving in Randy's subconcious, he found it entirely full of left feet, and didn't even know where to begin.
Fact: Jim Carrey felt right at home in Randy's mind. There may be mountains of feet, but the sun shines forever!
Fact: Randy's dreams don't have that stupid bloomy / vignette effect.
Fact: Randy dreams like a normal person, but his skies are Chocolate Chip dammit!
Fact: Randy is still in color in all the black and white films he's starred in.
Fact: Randy is trying to poison his neighbor by passing off house insulation on a stick as cotton candy.
Fact: Randy is succeeding at poisoning his neighbor by passing off house insulation on a stick as cotton candy.
Fact: Randy's insulation cotton candy is approved by the FDA.
Fact: Randy's insulation cotton candy is a great source of fiber...glass
Fact: Randy made a lot of money by passing off house insulation on a stick as cotton candy.  He made enough to buy a cotton candy machine.
Fact: Randy made a lot of money by passing off house insulation on a stick as cotton candy.  He made enough to re-insulate his house.
Fact: Randy's neighbor paid for their insulation-on-a-stick-cotton-candy with a Kordell Stewart rookie card.
Fact: When Randy finally poisons his neighbor by passing off house insulation on a stick as cotton candy, he plans to bury him in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Randy's insulation cotton candy is an approved treatment for emphysema. The doctors figure that after a life time of smoking it couldn't possibly make things worse.
Fact: Randy's insulation cotton candy comes int two flavors. Pomegranate and Pink Panther.
Fact: I woke up this morning to find out that Randy had stolen everything in my house and replaced it with an exact replica.
Fact: Randy has a quicksand box.
Fact: Curiosity killed the cat, but for a while, Randy was a suspect.
Fact: George Lucas sold Lucasfilms to Disney because he didn't want another visit from Randy like after episode 3
Fact: Randy has some powdered water, but he doesn’t know what to add.
Fact: When Randy was an intern, he always cut in the corporate lunch line.
Fact: Randy has a very large sea shell collection.  It’s scattered all over all the beaches in the world.
Fact: When Randy was an inpatient, he always cut in the hospital cafeteria lunch line.
Fact: Randy plays billiards with a pool queue. He has 315 pool cues duct taped together so he can play in all the bars across town at once.
Fact: Randy once stood in the pool queue at Action Park; he asked his eight ball, “Will I survive this day?"
Fact: Randy waits for no queue.
Fact: Randy thinks that that Denzel movie ought to have been called _John Queue_.
Fact: "Run Run Rudolf" if Randy's favorite deer hunting song.
Fact: Randy's laser-orgies always feature the most cutting edge nanotechnology available.
Fact: Randy's laser-orgies are NOT a family friendly event.
Fact: If at least 3 people aren't cut in half during one of Randy's laser-orgies, it's considered a dull affair.
Fact: Randy does not offer a friends and family discount to his laser-orgies
Fact: Randy doesn’t beat around the bush.  He drags you into a bush and then beats you up.
Fact: Randy doesn't beat around the bush. He rips the bush out of the ground and beats you WITH the bush.
Fact: Randy doesn't beat around the Bush. He hates grunge music.
Fact: Randy doesn’t beat around the Bush, he’s a Republican.
Fact: Randy doesn't beat around the bush. Randy IS the bush, he's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy doesn’t beat around the bush, he sets fire to the bush and convinces you it’s God
Fact: Randy is the burning bush. Because, well, his root system is on fire.
Fact: Randy doesn't beat around the bush, he throws you and the bush into the wood chipper together.
Fact: Randy doesn’t beat around the bush, he prefers to rap at home.
Fact: Randy beatboxes around the bush.
Fact: Randy does not beat around the box.
Fact: No one knows why Randy has so much aggression towards boxes when in the presence of a bush.
Fact: Randy doesn't grows root vegetables around the bush.
Fact: Randy grows cube-shaped melons, but he only harvests them for their square roots.
Fact: Randy can read your palm, after he writes on it with a sharpie.
Fact: Randy's sharpie isn't a permanent marker; it's a dagger.
Fact: Randy doesn’t believe in permanent markers.  That’s why everything he kills is buried in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: You can get high off the fumes from Randy's dagger.
Fact: Randy has ruined countless burned CD's trying to label them with his "sharpie".
Fact: Randy likes to cut people with Sharpie, his pet dagger.
Fact: Randy feeds Sharpie with the blood of his enemies.
Fact: Sharpie glows blue when it's near left feet.
Fact: Sharpie's siblings' names are Pokey and Stabbie
Fact: Randy knows where McDonalds gets the square fish they're frying now. (They were all at the Donnie Iris concert)
Fact: Sharpie's sibling Pokey was featured on the Gumby show but Stabbie didn't test well with focus groups.
Fact: Randy threw those focus groups into his wood chipper.
Fact: Randy came up with sliced bread.  Before that we weren’t allowed to cut it.
Fact: Randy hates bread crumbs.  He prefers Brad Crumbs, he makes them in his wood chipper.
Fact: Randy's dagger Sharpie is a purebred born in a litter from Louis Armstrong's own dagger named Mac.
Fact: When someone tells you that you're about to meet your maker, they mean they're going to introduce you to Randy. And then he'll throw you into a wood chipper.
Fact: Randy can put on a tin foil hat and get Skinemax at home.  He doesn’t need the tin foil hat, it doesn’t even help with the reception.  He just likes to wear that when he’s watching the fuzzy channels.
Fact: Randy prefers to call them the Furry channels... but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy hands police officers a foil police hat when they have to look at his blurry drivers license photo.
Fact: Randy has a public relations department... but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy's public relations department is serving 90 days for indecent exposure.
Fact: The aliens don't listen into Randy's brainwaves through their advanced technology. They don't want to accidentally find out spoilers to the new Star Wars.
Fact: Randy performs Add Hawk testing. He just sicks a bird of prey on someone if the software doesn't work right.
Fact: Randy doesn’t bury the hatchet, but if he did, it would be in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Anyone who has tried to jump Randy's bones has found the situation to be a lot hotter than they'd bargained for.
Fact: Randy can jumpstart a car by rubbing his feet on the carpet.
Fact: Randy has popped the clutch on an M1 Tank in the middle of a firefight.
Fact: Randy is an excellent mechanic. Any job he does for you won't cost you an arm and a leg, but it will cost you a left foot.
Fact: Randy make's the chipped ham for T-Bones bbqs in his wood chipper
Fact: Randy is able to summon Randytron by rolling up his Kordell Stewart rookie card and playing it like a kazoo.
Fact: If Randy is in a hurry he attaches his Kordell Stewart rookie card to bicycle spokes which makes a police siren noise and the cars get out of his way!
Fact: If Randy is in a hurry he shrinks down and rides his Kordell Stewart rookie card like a magic carpet.
Fact: If Randy is not in a hurry, he casually strolls to wherever he's going and shows absolutely everyone he encounters along the way his Kordell Stewart rookie card.
Fact: The skeletons in Randy's closet are treated with asbestos for safety.
Fact: In Randy's house asbestos is way safer than the alternative.
Fact: Bobby likes to play practical jokes on Randy when they're at home. Randy's usual response is to start a comical chase scene, complete with yakety sax playing in the background.
Fact: Randy drives slowly because if he drives faster than 55 miles per hour it will be complete with yakety sax playing in the background.
Fact: Randy has to drive slowly because his car is equipped with a flux capacitor. If he hits 88 mph, who knows what's gonna happen
Fact: When Randy drives 88 miles per hour, you're going to see some real shit, complete with yakety sax in the background.
Fact: If Randy drives more than 55 miles per hour he will reach c².
Fact: One of Randy's mountains of left feet is called the the "Benny hill" complete with yakety sax playing in the background.
Fact: Randy got pulled over for speeding once.  The cop asked “Why were you going so fast?” Randy’s response?  “Because I had my foot to the floor.  See, that allows more fuel to go to the engine, making it run faster… see this? (points to the steering wheel) this steers it."
Fact: Randy got pulled over for speeding once. He threw that smartass cop into a wood chipper.
Fact: When the cop saw all the feet on the floor of Randy's car he called in the swat team. They pulled out their billy clubs and chased him around the library and past an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie complete with yakety sax playing in the background.
Fact: Randy got pulled over for seeding once, on the Information Superhighway.
Fact: Randy got pulled over for seething once, but the cop couldn't calm him down. There was so much blood.
Fact: Randy got pulled over at the pool for reckless diving.
Fact: Randy got pulled over for seeding once, thats the last time he did drugs
Fact: Randy's secret is that he's always Randy.
Fact: Randy's secret is that he's always Randy... but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy woke up this morning and was folding his bed back into a couch, and almost broke both his arms cause it’s not one of those kinds of beds.
Fact: Randy always finds at least $23 between the couch cushions when he goes looking.
Fact: If Randy goes looking through your couch for loose change, you better have placed exactly $23 in there first otherwise he'll make you search for loose change in his wood chipper.
Fact: Placing pennies minted prior to 1982 between the couch cushions might also save you life... might
Fact: Randy has been collecting copper pennies so he can melt them down and re-wire his flux capacitor to take him back to when they stopped minting copper pennies and get them to continue to do so.
Fact: Randy got pulled over in his time machine for speeding back to 1982. He threw that smartass copper into a wood chipper.
Fact: As the mine was collapsing around him, Randy was seen running the opposite direction of everyone else yelling "GET TO THE COPPA!!!"
Fact: Randy is actually a sack of baked potatoes... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a harmless protocol droid... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually made of pure apple sauce... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a wood chipper... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually buried in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually killing ninjas right now... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: The main drag in Carnegie is known as the Randybahn; it has a dynamic speed limit that is determined by Randy’s current driving speed. There are no tickets for violators; there _is_ an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field.
Fact: In Soviet Russia, Randy gets you.
Fact: Randy has tried to get #unmarkedgravenexttoacreekbehindabaseballfieldincarnegie trending on twitter.
Fact: It is hard to run when Randy has taken your left foot.
Fact: Randy was raised by a pacapong.
Fact: Randy combined a pac man, a pong paddle, and some space invaders in his magical liquid-less cauldron.
Fact: Randy is the pot calling the cauldron black. Lloyd Alexander put him up to it.
Fact: The last time the pot called the kettle black, Randy buried it in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Randy once smoked pot and called Rebecca Black with a magical cauldron he has in his back yard.
Fact: The road to hell is paved with good intentions.  The way to an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie is paved with Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Every time Randy bites down on a cheese filled pretzel an announcer yells "C-C-COMBO BREAKER!"
Fact: The Kakariko village carpenter tries to impersonate Randy when he's drunk, but only the first time you talk to him.
Fact: Randy doesn’t always murder people, but when he does he prefers to bury them in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Randy has a Brother sewing machine for creating cosplay costumes. They can't all be Singers folks!
Fact: When Randy and his brother played pretend WWF growing up, Randy’s finishing move was the _Bobby Pin_.
Fact: Two skeletons actually came out of Randy's closet and are now running a very successful nightclub in Miami.
Fact: Randy was going to bring baby Jesus a left foot, a Kordell Stewart rookie card, and a can of Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement (guaranteed to stop leaks) as gifts, but his Anger Management group wouldn't let him anywhere near a manger.
Fact: Eric's job is not actually done in <#C04C6HGU9>, but he doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy charges a toll for re-entry into Randyfacts. It will cost you 1 left foot to leave and come back.
Fact: The Eagles wrote Hotel California after joining <#C04C6HGU9>
Fact: Hotel California originally started with: "On a dark desert highway, left foot in my hand..."
Fact: Randy can speak Chinese.  But he only says the shit written on the fortune from his fortune cookie, and we’re not sure he’s pronouncing it right.
Fact: Some people think that Randy swears by Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement because his skeleton is on fire.  I guess they think it helps to cure the product, and have it dry faster.  This isn’t true, it’s just a really good product.  I mean, what else can you smear across the face of a 3 month old child to suffocate them anonymously?
Fact: Randy doesn't really apply himself... but he applies Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement. It's guaranteed to stop breathing!
Fact: Never tell Randy the odds.
Fact: When he's at odds with someone, Randy gets even.
Fact: Randy gets even in odd ways.
Fact: When Randy eats a blow pop lollipop he eats the gum first.
Fact: When Randy eats a blow pop lollipop, he eats your left foot first.
Fact: Regardless of what kind of lollipop it is, Randy is eating a tootsie pop.
Fact: Randy doesn’t eat those lollipops at the bank because the bank tellers eat all the good ones.
Fact: Randy doesn’t eat those lollipops at the bank because they’re 10,000 years old.
Fact: Randy doesn’t eat those lollipops at the bank because he’s convinced they’re just shards of an ancient stained glass window with a stick in it.
Fact: Randy doesn’t eat those lollipops at the bank because he saw a mosquito trapped in one once and got scared that dinosaurs were going to come back.
Fact: Randy doesn’t eat those lollipops at the bank because he doesn’t like to put his money where his mouth is.
Fact: Randy doesn’t eat those lollipops at the bank because he's gotta eat sausage
Fact: Randy’s phone is the Blackberry Pirate Mustache.
Fact: Randy bought a cordless extension cord.
Fact: The dust bit Randy.
Fact: Another dust bit Randy.
Fact: Randy sneezed and created the wind we are the dust in.
Fact: We bit Randy.
Fact: Jesus died on the cross for our sins…. Randy died in your arms tonight.
Fact: Randy dyes eggs every time an easterly wind picks up. He doesn't really understand the holiday Easter.
Fact: Randy can fit an entire bubble tape in his mouth at one time.  6 whole left feet of gum.  That's a lot of God damn gum.
Fact: Randy can fit an entire roll of bubble wrap in his mouth. I don't know why, but he really likes popping it with his teeth
Fact: Randy thinks fruit by the foot is the raspberry bush growing next to his left feet pile.
Fact: Fruit Gushers were invented when a left foot, bloated from the sun, fell underneath Randy's raspberry bush.
Fact: Randy has stopped at least 15 different Kickstarter projects from being funded because people couldn't kick start without their left foot.
Fact: The starter for a motorcycle is on the right, but Randy just views the rider through a mirror before cutting off his foot to make it ok.
Fact: Randy has a weakness for soft fluffy blankets.
Fact: Randy spreads loose change all over the road so that any time he needs to he can turn on a dime.
Fact: Randy used to own a pair of really nice black leather gloves.  He let OJ Simpson borrow them once and still has not gotten them back.
Fact: Randy sometimes does strip shows for loose change, he can turn on a dime, but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy has never thrown a stack of ones at a girl and made it rain.  He has however, pelted a hooker with loose change and made it hail.
Fact: It’s ok, they’re not real people.
Fact: All of the pennies that are in the loose change Randy throws on the road were minted after 1982.
Fact: A will-call is when Randy calls the next of kin of someone he is about to throw through the wood chipper to inform them that they can claim their inheritance pretty soon.
Fact: In a moment of razor's edge mental acuity Randy declared before his subjects: "given enough peer pressure and hubris, a person (not me) can eat an entire jar of mayonnaise and survive."
Fact: When a princess kisses a frog, it turns into a prince.  When Randy kisses a frog it turns into Prince. #purplerain
Fact: When Randy kisses Prince, he turns into a symbol.
Fact: When Nancy Kerrigan got clubbed she cried out “WHY WHY WHY”  Randy was why.
Fact: Every time I glance up from my computer I see an asshole trophy, some weird rabbit with a crown and a grass skirt, and a can of Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy doesn’t drink and drive.  He does however drank and drive.  That’s why he’s got that mini gallon jug of grape drink in his car.
Fact: Between soda, OJ, purple stuff and Sunny D.  Randy wants the purple stuff.
Fact: Randy had his left foot amputated due to his diabetes from drinking too much grape drink.  That’s why he collects left feet.
Fact: Between soda, OJ, purple stuff and Sunny D.  Randy thinks that the Sunny D murdered Nicole Brown Simpson
Fact: Randy will eat a muffin however the fuck Randy wants to eat the muffin.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what split pee soup was.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what a foot long hot dog was supposed to be.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but apparently there’s more to chicken noodle soup than drowning a hen in a pot of spaghetti.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he kept throwing customers who complained in his wood chipper
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what pigs in a blanket were supposed to be.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner. He tore him up like a muffin and sold his appendages to an evil doctor.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner.  He still does, but he used to too.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner.  And apparently the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles don’t know jack shit about pizza toppings.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but all he sold were ham BBQs, Pizza Logs, Italian Hoagies, and muffin crumbs.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what wiener schnitzel was supposed to be made from.
Fact: Randy has a recipe for wiener schnitzel and Eric doesn’t want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner.  It was called Caliente.  He didn’t know what it meant, but he heard somewhere that French diners usually do well.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he grately misunderstood what shredded cheddar is supposed to be.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he could never find dilla in any store.  Much less a case of them.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what smothered chicken is supposed to be and now all of the poultry is spoiled.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he got arrested for drug charges due to his chicken pot pie recipe.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood eggs Benedict.  Now the set of the TV Show Sherlock is covered in egg shells.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood how to break down a chicken.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner.  He only used top quality fresh ingredients.  Which is why he never understood why his wedding soup wasn’t a huge hit, he paid good money for that DJ.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but seriously. When he tried to break down a chicken he would just stand in the freezer making fun of its mother and asking why it laid around the house all day. It was sad really.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner.  He didn’t know he opened it in an area infested with vampires though.  Everyone kept ordering the stake salad.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner.  Someone ordered the Cole slaw just days after the album L-O-V-E went for sale in 1964.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner.  He has no idea how to make egg nog.  Someone please for the love of God tell him what a nog is.
Fact: Randy’s diner was in a desert and you could order dessert after dinner.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what steamed broccoli is. It was the first time Tokyo was destroyed by an army of angry green vegetables, but not the first time Tokyo was destroyed.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he had never heard the term "Nuke it” for putting an item in a microwave.  Randy no longer owns a diner.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he had never heard the term "Nuke em” for putting an item in a microwave. Also, some damn alien bastard messed up his ride.
Fact: When Randy is sick his nose doesn't run. It stays and fights.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner.  Apparently sand and cinders with butter on them isn’t an acceptable recipe for grits.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner.  For those that like blood sausage… There’s really only one place to go.
Fact: When Randy is sick his nose doesn't run. It stays and cooks for the diner that Randy used to own.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner. Apparently John Wayne's ashes with butter on them isn't an acceptable recipe for grits.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner that sold German bakery items. He called it Stollen Goods.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner.  He never understood the purpose of the milk shake though.  Thought it was some weird James Bond thing or something.
Fact: Damn right Randy's is better than yours. He could teach you, but he'd have to charge.
Fact: Randy only chose the McCandless theatre because the McFootless theatre was sold out.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner and everyone in it was pretty excited.
Fact: The Force awakens when Randy’s alarm clock goes off.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner.  He didn’t understand what chipped ham was though.  He put tracking devices in all his sandwiches.  Now he knows where his customers are at all times.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner. He didn't understand what ground beef was though. He just chucked a live cow in his wood chipper.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner. He didn't understand what ground beef was though. He just cut off all the cow's legs and let it lie on the ground a while.
Fact: Randy got so excited waiting in line for The Force Awakens that he accidentally signed an autograph.
Fact: Randy is physically unable to smell what the Rock is cooking.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but between the hoodie and what was concealed under it, the health code violations were adding up.
Fact: Randy once had a shooting contest with Han Solo. Han won, but only because he shot first.
Fact: Randy hates subtraction. It just doesn't add up.
Fact: Sum people prefer addition, but Randy and Bobby prefer subtraction. They like to celebrate their differences.
Fact: No matter how many pieces of penny candy that Randy buys he will never have more than one per cent.
Fact: Randy is empathetic, meaning he's able to see things from other peoples' point of view. He's used this ability to watch The Force Awakens a cumulative total of 583 times already.
Fact: Randy is em-awesome, meaning he's able to see things from other peoples' point of view. He's used this ability to watch The Force Awakens a cumulative total of 583 times already.
Fact: Randy's empathy is what allows his ginger army to behave with a sort of hive mind
Fact: Randy thinks em's are awesome. he uses them in all of his stylesheets.
Fact: Randy's mom's sister is morally opposed to em's.
Fact: Randy's love of em's is mostly fueled by his penchant for popular white rappers.
Fact: Randy calls redundant emphasis tags Eminem.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner.  When someone asked him if it was a greasy spoon diner, he said, “it can be” and jammed their silverware in a bucket of Crisco.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he had to stop selling the paint flavored chips after the first case of lead poisoning.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but his eggs floorentine had too many linoleum tiles in it.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but every customer who ate his hyper-cubed steak disappeared into a pocket dimension.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he had to sell it to pay for lawyer fees when someone ordered Meatloaf and he kidnapped the singer.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner. Then came the goddamn decepticons.
Fact: Randy would do anything for love, and that includes serving Meatloaf at his diner.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner. The roof sprung a leak, and he didn’t know how to fix it.
Fact: Randy WAS going to win the race, but then Eric submitted the 4000th Randyfact.
Fact: Randy too has witnessed a grown man satisfy a camel.
Fact: FDR once said that we have nothing to fear except fear itself. He'd clearly never met Randy.
Fact: Randy IS fear itself.
Fact: Randy's ginger army can hear you. They will find you, and they will kill you.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he sold it for a Kordell Stewart Rookie card when the roof sprung a leak and he didn’t know how to fix it.  He then discovered Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement, and cut off the left foot of the dude he sold the diner to.  He vowed to carry that Kordell Stewart rookie card with him everywhere, and collect the left foot of anyone who tried to pull a fast on on him.  He started burying these feet in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie, but then thought that location to be useful for many other treasures he came upon.  His prized wood chipper for example, his ginger army, and until recently, his twin brother Bobby.  When Bobby came out, a sense of evil overtook Randy, who bought a magical empty cauldron for his back yard in which he could drown children,  He escaped the authorities for years with use of his jedi mind tricks.  His crimes made him go insane, he became homeless and was struck by lightning.  His skeleton caught fire, his piss stream came out in the shape of his signature, and his nipples gained the powers of a compass.  He used the shroud of turin as a drape to cover his Magic the Gathering decks.  I said DECKS people.  He began covering himself with live mice, barking like a dog, and asking people if they liked dragons.  He murdered countless smart ass children in a wood chipper, some were more fun than others, they can't all be zingers folks, and he has never jumped the shark.  But I have a fucking asshole trophy, I’d tell you the rest.  But I don’t want to talk about it.
Fact: The term "the bees knees" comes from the period during which Randy served in the honey mafia.
Fact: The honey mafia could never get a leg up on the competing maple syrup gangs, but Randy helped get them a few left feet closer.
Fact: Ironically, Randy measures the circumference of his pile of left feet in meaters.
Fact: Jay doesn't have to be making fun of Randy for Randy to tell him to shut up.
Fact: Randy is actually the underside of a C-130 airplane... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually out of his mind excited for the next Independence Day film... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a trap door spider getting ready to attack an ant... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the inventor of Twinkies... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually allergic to Star Wars movies... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: You may be high, but you'll never be triple fireball Randy Jakicic mimicking a crow while kicking ass at Smash Bros high.
Fact: Randy can rip a tree out of the ground with a single Unix command, because he has root privileges.
Fact: It's amazing what Randy can do with Unix commands because normally he can't make heads or tails of them.
Fact: Randy sits down to pee.  Don’t judge the Bible tells us not to.  Plus, the toilet is too small to contain his entire name from that distance.
Fact: Randy has this reoccurring dream about a tiny pony with a minuscule mustache barking like a dog, and somehow his powers to speak to animals aren’t working so he can tell it he’s making the wrong noise.
Fact: Randy has this reoccurring dream where he goes to school and the school is naked.
Fact: Randy has this reoccurring dream where somebody else is falling. If he wakes up too fast that person will land in a wood chipper.
Fact: Randy could eat a pizza log for hours.
Fact: Every year during Christmas time, Randy donates $5,000 to charity. Only... instead of dollars, he uses smart ass children, and his charity of choice is a wood chipper.
Fact: Randy has this recurring dream where he's chasing someone. Most people have this exact same dream but Randy hasn't caught up to them... yet.
Fact: Randy makes Hall and Oates dreams come true. Fortunately their dreams are nothing like Randy's dreams.
Fact: Randy has this recurring dream about having taken a test. In the dream Liam Neeson is too scared to try to get it back.
Fact: Randy has this recurring dream where he's late for work because it took to long to cut off all those left feet.
Fact: Randy has this recurring dream. He told it to Martin Luther King Jr. and they both wrote a speech about it.
Fact: Ninjas have this recurring nightmare about Randy.
Fact: Randy is able to perform magic spells in his sleep. This is where the Sega Dreamcast gets its name.
Fact: Captain Planet is Randy’s roommate.  It’s not a good living situation.  Any time Randy cuts a fart he gets a lecture about greenhouse gasses.
Fact: Captain Planet is Randy’s roommate.  He didn’t give Randy a ring because he doesn’t need one to set shit on fire.
Fact: Kordell Stewart rookie cards have this recurring dream about Randy giving them up for a 1993 Jerome Bettis #6.
Fact: Captain Planet is Randy’s roommate.  His cooking is so bad Randy thinks he’s a hypocrite, that shit is toxic.
Fact: Captain Planet is Randy's roommate. He isn't on Randy's shared minutes plan with God and Bobby, but Randy got sent a cease and desist letter for some torrents Captain Planet was seeding on Randy's internet connection.
Fact: Chuck Norris has this recurring dream that Randy kicked his ass. Then he wakes up in the hospital and realizes it wasn't actually a dream.
Fact: Captain Planet is Randy's roommate. For Christmas Randy thought he would be funny and get him a medieval stringed instrument and a plunger. Captain Planet didn't get the joke.
Fact: Captain Planet is Randy's roommate. Randy doesn't get along but he tries. He asked him how Frodo was doing the other day.
Fact: Captain Planet is Randy's roommate. Randy doesn't get along but he tries. He asked him how the Steeler's Super Bowl rings were doing the other day.
Fact: Captain Planet is Randy's roommate. Randy doesn't get along but he tries. He asked him how Saturn was doing the other day.
Fact: Randy can speak with animals. Sometimes they just piss him off though and he doesn't.
Fact: Captain Planet is Randy's roommate. Randy doesn't get along but he tries. He asked him how Beyonce was doing the other day.
Fact: Captain Planet is Randy's roommate. Randy doesn't get along but he tries. He asked him how the WWF arena was doing the other day.
Fact: Captain Planet used to be Admiral Planet, until he got really wasted one night with Randy and was demoted. Randy said it was cool if he crashed at his place.
Fact: Captain Planet is Randy's roommate. He's vegan so Randy ate his sausage egg and cheese sandwich without any milk... out of respect.
Fact: Randy got a super power after eating Captain Planet's sausage, egg, and cheese sandwich because he had to eat sausage
Fact: When someone tells you to "take something with a grain of salt", they're referring to Randy's practice of throwing salt at people he thought were lying until they admitted it.
Fact: Randy has just fucked Lowe’s.  He still wants a girlfriend though.
Fact: Randy isn't sure whether he enjoyed Fucking Lowes. He's considering asking Eric, but he's not sure if he'll wanna talk about it.
Fact: Randy just fucked Lowe’s, then he lit it on fire since it couldn’t smoke a cigarette.
Fact: Randy sneezed once.  We reference that period in history as the big bang.
Fact: Randy is allergic to non-existence.
Fact: Randy doesn't even lift.
Fact: Randy doesn't even lift, and his bro knows it.
Fact: Randy is actually the largest small mouth bass ever caught... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy doesn't use a selfie-stick. He just holds his phone out using the Force.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what chilled duck was. Oddly enough the recipe still called for cooking wine.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what hard boiled eggs were. He lost a fortune trying to boil them in jack daniels.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood how foie gras was served. Long story short, he force fed geese to a bunch of people and ate their livers.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what Frankfurters and Hamburgers are. The police in Germany are still on the look out for the great hooded cannibal.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he kept having to throw the health inspectors into a wood chipper when they found the live mice.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what corned beef hash is. His diner closed down but they still serve it in Colorado.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what he needed to make mashed potatoes. After Germany stopped making those kinds of grenades he had to take the side dish off the menu.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what green beans are. He kept them next to the kidney beans until they got jealous.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what liver and onions is. Well... he had the right idea. He just didn't know it was supposed to come from a cow.
Fact: Randy is actually the ghost of christmas past... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually Bill Murray's long lost hair piece... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the reason Jaleel White's film career didn't take off... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a reporter hiding in the bushes... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually Prince... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually Mario breaking out of the video game world and into the real one... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the bat that Ozzy bit on stage... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a brandy glass full of brown M&Ms... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a hairless sphinx cat... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually Ferguson from Clarissa Explains It All... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually two bricks shy of a load... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is two bricks shy of a 16 kilo pile of cocaine.
Fact: Randy is actually The Shining... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a traveling Hobo passing the time before the next train leaves... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the entire cast of All That... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually Lorne Michaels... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually George Michael's saxophone... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the inspiration for the song Eleanor Rigby... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the worlds largest producer of chewing gum... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the last air bender... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually shifting in between phases of light... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually lost in space... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually King Xerxes... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a telephone psychic... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually missing from a group of school kids who visited the Grand Canyon in 1971... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the lead singer of the Tubes... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what jerk chicken is, and Eric doesn't want to talk about it. 
Fact: Randy is immortal, but if he could die,  he would want to be buried in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Captain Planet is Randy's roommate. Bobby kicks his ass at Mario Kart Double Dash.
Fact: Captain Planet is Randy's roommate. Bobby refuses to play "Save the world from environment-related evil plots" with him because Captain Planet always beats him at it.
Fact: Randy is able to cure absolutely any illness by placing a lime within a coconut and consulting a doctor the following day.
Fact: Randy jumped into the fire. Well... he just sorta jumped and the fire started where he landed.
Fact: They say that if you eat slower you will end up eating less. Randy is larger than life so he has to take this advice to the extreme.
Fact: Randy once dropped a left foot from the Steel Phantom, lost it in a deep fryer, and then backed over it in his car for good measure.
Fact: Randy put the screw in the tuna, and he did so deliberately.
Fact: Randy crudely pastes his own face over Chuck Norris' face every Tuesday, but he CAN crudely paste it any day
Fact: Randy is a saint and he wears a square halo.
Fact: Randy is the patron saint of left feet.
Fact: Randy's halo is hip.
Fact: Randy is homophonic.
Fact: Randy is homophoniphobic.
Fact: Randy used to be hooked on phonics, but he's recovering.
Fact: Randy powers his home using an infinite power loop matrix of his flaming skeleton and a cardboard football-player-with-Randy's-face-and-halo photo op.
Fact: Randy has Harrison Ford on retainer, just in case he wants to hear one of Han Solo's trademark quips.
Fact: For Christmas Randy and Bobby opened up a gift… It was a body.  Don’t worry, it was alive.  Turns out they’re triplets.
Fact: Ironically Randy and Bobby's triplet has 2 evil twins.
Fact: Johnny, Randy and Bobby's triplet, is only three years old. Confusing, I know.
Fact: Randy serves a dish called a Carribean. It involves beans, a rack of ribs, and being run over by a car.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what split pea soup was. He had no trouble filling multiple soup pots at once but it was still disgusting.
Fact: Johnny was an unexpected surprise. Since their bunk beds were full, Randy and Bobby gave Johnny a wad of cash and sent him on a bus to Memphis.
Fact: Johnny, lacking any magically burning skeleton of his own, used the wad of cash to purchase a magical ring of fire before returning from Memphis.
Fact: Randy can’t dance.  Randy can’t talk.  Only thing about him is the way that he walks.  He drags his feet and looks at them at the same time.
Fact: Randy can’t dance.  Randy can’t sing.  Randy’s just standing there selling everything.
Fact: Randy can't dance, but he can eat sausage.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, and he didn’t understand gravy.  It’s not gray, it’s brown.  He called it brownvy.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood relish. He greatly enjoys thinking back on it.
Fact: Randy doesn't want to say that he's a genius, but he is a god among MENSA.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner.  His signature dish was his split pee soup.
Fact: Randy is actually the ghost of Jamie Farr... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a half eaten ham and cheese on rye sandwich... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually under the influence of 12 pounds of sugar free gummy bears... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually largely responsible for this country's consumer debt crisis... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the ugly tree... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually able to summon a plague of locusts with his third eye... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually an Easter egg... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the giant donut on top of Randy's Donuts... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually low fat and non carb... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually an old time telephone operator... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually a sentient fly swatter... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the reason why there is no "." after the "dr" in dr pepper... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy is actually the invisible man... He's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what pepper jack is. Now he sneezes every time he has to change a tire.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what a reuben is. The diner closed but his sandwich went on to win American Idol.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what veal is. Long story short, he used to cut off left feet at the calf muscle.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what Italian wedding soup is. Yeah, there ended up being a few meatballs in the pot but the Gambino crime boss never recovered from the incident.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what chicken patties are. Gave Patricia Richardson the scare of her life with his car.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what toll house cookies are. Pretty soon Bobby ran out of quarters and couldn't get into his home anymore.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood cereal. He would only give people their Cheerios one grain at a time.
Fact: Randy’s light switch takes batteries.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood soul food. The greens tasted good but the main course always had a shoe in it.
Fact: Randy checks the batteries in his light switch every 6 months.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what coke is. His customers expected it to be in a glass with ice and he kept bringing them a warm can. Seriously? Coke in a can? This is a diner!
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what coleslaw was.  He’d bring out a bowl filled with charcoal and mayonnaise.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what blue cheese is. He kept reminding it that it was old, full of bacteria, and didn't taste nearly as good as provolone but nothing seemed to make the cheese sad enough for his taste.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what lasagna was.  It was the on ya part that puzzled him.  But he was happy to dump noodles and sauce in your lap since that’s what you wanted.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but his snozberries didn’t taste like snozberries.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what beer battered chicken was. I mean the chicken fingers were really tender but all that broken glass made it dangerous to work there.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what margherita pizzas are. Salt and lime make terrible pizza toppings.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what cube steaks are. Minecraft food sold well, but he never had change for an emerald.
Fact:Randy h a dime of er I cs aplfelwein abs it was as maxibg.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what barbeque is. Long story short, last Black Friday, you didn't have to wait as long in line for that hot new toy from Mattel.
Fact: Randy hates the show Who’s the Boss?  He thinks Tony Danza is a pussy and would fight him if he ever saw him.
Fact: Randy wants to pick a fight with Tony Danza because he mis-heard the lyrics to an Elton John song.
Fact: Randy hates the show Saved by the Bell. If you try ringing a bell to save yourself from Randy... well my friend... that bell tolls for YOU!
Fact: Randy has mad old school rap skills.  He writes down his rhymes on this pad of paper over here.  He doesn't know it, but every once in a while I sneak a peak.  His latest one is dope.  It's like.  “I used to have a snail  Fast Eddie McLintock, he died so I put his body under a big rock, I lift the rock up, got a feelin in my gut, the dude sprung back and took a little strut.  Where did he go?  I don’t know, time to kill again so Eric puts on a show. word to your mother."
Fact: Look at Randy. He's the captain now.
Fact: Randy is the ambassador.
Fact: When Randy plays Coup he claims to be the Kordell Stewart rookie card and everyone else immediately loses the game.
Fact: Randy's Man Card was threatened when he learned to sew and garden but nothing can take away his Kordell Stewart rookie card.
Fact: Randy has been banned from nearly every casino in Las Vegas because no one can win a game of BlackJack against him when he plays his Kordell Stewart rookie card.
Fact: Randy has mad old school rap skills.  He writes down his rhymes on this pad of paper over here.  He doesn't know it, but every once in a while I sneak a peak.  His latest one is dope.  It's like. "I'm a schoolmarm, with charm, I grew up on the farm. My bell is in the tower, we learn things every hour, next week I'll take a shower, but 1833 ain't got no power! word to your mother."
Fact: Fast Eddie is Dead, Fast Eddie is Dead, Fast Eddie is Dead, Fast Eddie is Dead, I talked to my friend, that’s what he said, is Eddie alive, no he’s fuckin’ dead it’s all over…. Fast Eddie is Dead.
Fact: Where is he?  Behind Stonehenge, He’s down really deep, but he ain’t got the bends, final sleep? That’s where it ends, He and Bill are no longer friends it’s all over!  Fast Eddie is Dead!
Fact: Fast Eddie is Dead, Fast Eddie is Dead, Fast Eddie is Dead, Fast Eddie is Dead.  Goku’s over here eating his head cause the Fast to the Eddie is a fuckin’ Dead it’s all over!  Fast Eddie is Dead!
Fact: Fast Eddie is on the highway to hell... holding up traffic.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what escargot is. Long story short, he's got a bunch of boxes full of the letter S that he doesn't know what to do with.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he served the poo poo platter…. yeah.
Fact: Randy used to own a casino, but he greatly misunderstood what craps.... yeah.
Fact: Randy used to work for a video game company but he greatly misunderstood what Call of Duty .... yeah.
Fact: When someone tells Randy to put up his Dukes, he's usually playing Coup.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what refried beans are. He's responded to all of Bush's Baked Beans' e-mails but has yet to make a good burrito.
Fact: Randy used to not own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what playing Coup was. Long story short, he now runs a successful fried chicken business.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner until someone ordered the submarine sandwich.  He came out with the USS Huston and the USS Olympia with a piece of cheese stuck between them.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what Roast Duck is. He came up with some really good insults for Daffy but the customers left hungry.
Fact: Randy doesn't give any shits. He thinks that would be disgusting.
Fact: Randy doesn’t take a shit either, he leaves it behind.
Fact: Randy gives red shits.
Fact: Randy made hotdogs and beans once, unfortunately he misunderstood that Bush's Baked Beans is a brand and he baked Bush's Beans.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what spotted dick is supposed to be. He kept following detective Tracey around and blowing his cover. Flattop made away with millions from bank robberies.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but the bathroom in it was all messed up.  Apparently no one told him what a urinal cake was *supposed* to be.
Fact: Someone told Randy what a urinal cake was supposed to be, but they lied about it.
Fact: Randy is late for work today because he’s home baking urinal cakes.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what spring water is. It sold well on April fools day but eventually got banned by the health department for putting out some kid's eye.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what Iced T was.  He threw a rapper into a wood chipper and served the resultant liquid to his patrons.  Ironically he makes bloody mary’s and bologna in a similar fashion.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood how meatloaf works. He couldn't fit him in the oven. Also, he wouldn't fit in the fridge because the elephant was already in there.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what lemonaid was.  He’d bring you a glass full of lemons and band aids
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what dutch apple pie was. People didn't mind paying by the slice, they just couldn't handle jump roping and eating at the same time.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what pot roast was.  He sold a lot of sides of fries after someone ordered one though.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner but he greatly misunderstood what chicken stock was.  He built a pretty sweet stockade out back that he tortured his food in.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what honey ham is. He dated a pot belly for a while but they couldn't agree on what size litter they would raise.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what white meat is. He followed Michael Jackson around in an effort to introduce himself, but after the king of pop passed away Randy became listless and lost interest in the diner.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood how to serve coffee. I mean, it was great coffee... but it really turned heads.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what wedding soup was.  You know how long it takes to grind that many people up in a wood chipper and make soup?!
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he only had one cup. Eric really doesn't want to talk about
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what carrots are. A few customers chipped their teeth and it became a well known incident. Maybe you heard of it. The diner was named Zales.
Fact: Randy used to own a night club, but he greatly misunderstood what a pianist is... eric doesnt wanna talk about it.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what was meant by a rare steak.  He killed the last of the Caspian Tigers.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what a menu is. Bruce Jenner loved it.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what pork butt was.  Yeah...
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what cheese cake was.  He made a cake with American.
Fact: In 1867, Randy ended undead segregation. Up until that point, certain graveyards had been marked Wights Only.
Fact: Even prior to 1867, the grave where Randy had been storing things next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie had never been marked Wights Only.
Fact: The last time a wight attacked Randy it lost an experience level.
Fact: Randy's D&amp;D campaigns are always interesting, since he always either rolls the highest or lowest number on all dice rolls. He's constantly miraculously succeeding or spectacularly failing.
Fact: Randy is a mega star wars fan but he doesn't have a lot of headcanon. He loaned those to the French revolution for executions and they never gave them back.
Fact: Randy is a mega Metroid fan but he doesn't have a lot of armcannon. He loaned those to the Chzo and they gave them to some bounty hunter.
Fact: Randy is a mega man fan but he doesn't have a lot of plasmacannon.
Fact: Randy is a mega man fan but he used the rapper name M-Buster long before Capcom got hold of it.
Fact: When Randy plays Mega Man, he starts with the M-Baller.
Fact: Every New Year's Eve Randy drops a ball, but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Every damsel that replied "no" when Randy asked her if she like dragons has ended up tied to the tracks in front of the pimp-train to Flavortown.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what whirled peas was. Long story short, he achieved world peace and solved global hunger, and then no one was hungry enough to buy anything.
Fact: Whenever a student in Bobby's class does outstanding work on a project, Randy kills a ninja for them and they get to put one of his ninja stars up on the board next to their name. At the end of the week, whoever has the most ninja stars gets to pick from some prizes, including erasers, whistles, and cans of Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy owns an ice cream parlor.  They don’t serve soft serve ice cream though.  They serve hard serve ice cream.  You order an ice cream cone and he punches you in the face.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what take out was. That's not to say the business wasn't doing well, he just eventually got rid of the diner as the front to his line of work as an assassin.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what ice cream was. Incidentally, his special cream sauce was an issue, too.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what a banana float was. Coupled with his issues with ice cream, he's now on Megan's list.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what happy hour was.  He refused to kill people or claim left feet for one whole hour every day.  Business tripled.
Fact: Randy does the Dew while it's still clouds in the sky.
Fact: Randy does the Dew, but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what ketchup was. When anyone would ask for Ketchup, he'd chase them out of the restaurant and cut off their left foot when he caught up.
Fact: Randy knows the way into a woman’s heart.  Straight through the chest behind the ribcage.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what berries were. Anyone that ordered berries wound up buried in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie
Fact: Peyton Manning and Kordell Stewart are on the same card because Randy.
Fact: They say that Diamonds can cut just about anything.  They can’t cut Randy.  Only Bobby can do that, but he won’t because he’s busy playing Magic The Gathering.
Fact: Bobby has played a Kordell Stewart Rookie card in Magic the Gathering.  He lost, because he was playing Randy and when Randy accuses you of cheating or stealing his Kordell Stewart Rookie card, you lose.
Fact: Randy once used his Kordell Stewart Rookie Card to break into a house.  It was Kordell Stewarts house,  but he swears that was coincidence.
Fact: Randy taught Kelis to make a milkshake back when hers did not even compare to yours. As part of the contract, she was required to use a triangle in her song she later made about what she learned from Randy.
Fact: Randy co-signed loans for Peyton Manning and Kordell Stewart on separate occasions.
Fact: Randy co-signed loans for Peyton Manning and Kordell Stewart. As a stipulation he'll collect their left feet in 2028 when the loan matures.
Fact: Randy co-signed loans for Peyton Manning and Kordell Stewart. He's also the loan shark involved and has sent out his goons to collect on several occasions.
Fact: Randy co-signed loans for Peyton Manning and Kordell Stewart. He's also the lone shark involved. He refuses to work with other aquatic life when making shady deals.
Fact: Randy once very literally scared the shit out of a man.  He crept up behind him and yelled BOO at the mans anus and the feces jumped and thusly  this is dumb. ABORT!
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what BBQ was.  He had a sign up sheet for a waiting list to use a BB gun to shoot smart ass children before he put them in a wood chipper.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what the breakfast cereal honeycomb is. Well at least it went over better at the diner than it did at his hair salon.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what olive oil was.  He thought it was that brown liquid olives come floating in.  Everything stuck to the grill and tasted like shit.  There’s really nothing funny about this, but it is 100% accurate.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what sausage links were.  He made everything from scratch, and his sausage links looked like a chain link fence.  They tasted great, don’t get me wrong, I question what meat they were made out of, but I never knock accidental innovation.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what a quarter pounder is. He would pay ladies on the street corner 25 cents to give him a fist bump. The ensuing investigation forced him to close down the business.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what pancakes were.  He’d put whipped cream and a cherry on top of a dirty frying pan and charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what a house dressing is. He ended up putting too many hours into the interior decorating business and couldn't take care of the diner.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what salad dressing was.  He’d strip you naked, cover you with a piece of lettuce, and pelt you with croutons.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what bread pudding is. He put chocolate and vanilla pudding next to a candlelit dinner but they never hit it off like he wanted.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what a PB n J was.  He’d throw a scoop of Pillsbury dough at Jay, make him sit at your table and charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what deer meat was. He'd sit you down at a table, line up several deer, and charge at you with 8 bucks.
Fact: Blood oranges were invented when Randy threw an orange tree through his woodchipper.
Fact: RandyMath dictates that cos(PeytonManning) = Kordell Stewart
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but his dress code was dictated by a Kordell Stewart Rookie Card.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but his code of conduct was just the stats from the back of a Kordell Stewart Rookie Card
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what meat balls are. He tried to construct an entire dance hall out of ground beef but the dancers were kept slipping on the blood and 9 of them came down with a case of e. coli
Fact: When Randy talks to a stranger about what he does for a living, he says “web development” and if they ask for a card, he gives them a Kordell Stewart Rookie Card.
Fact: Randy went into business with spider man as a web developer.
Fact: :randy: :heart: :leftfeet:
Fact: :randy: :gotta_eat_sausage: :taco::fire::philanselmo::toilet::alderaan::redshit::eric_does_wanna_talk_about_it:
Fact: :randy: :arrow_backward: :fist: :diner: , :confused:  :honey_pot:... :computer: :lock: :shield:
Fact: :randy: :heart: :leftfeet: , :butthole: :eric_doesnt_wanna_talk_about_it:
Fact: :randy: :heart: :two: :throw: :assholetrophy:  :children_crossing: :inbox: :wood-chipper:
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but  he greatly misunderstood what cabbage rolls were.  He’d set up 10 pins hand you a head of cabbage and charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but  he greatly misunderstood what a goodburger is. He'd sprinkle a hamburger with holy water, set it on your table, and charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but no one understood why he opened for lunch at 4pm.
Fact: Randy IS the terrible secret of space. Pushing will not protect you. Neither will shoving.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what a cup of joe was.  He’d grind up an employee named Joe in a wood chipper (saving his left foot of course) pour the resultant liquid into a mug, and charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what a salad bar is. Anytime someone would ask if they could go back for seconds, he would rewind time and charge them 8 bucks.
Fact: When Randy uses the force pull power his target turns into a clay pigeon and he immediately blasts them with a shotgun.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what beer battered fish was.  He’d go to Sea World, get drunk and beat the shit out of an orca, then put it on your table and charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: The last kid who corrected Randy by saying that Orcas are mammals was thrown into a wood chipper.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what steak tartare is. He'd place a side of beef on the driveway, repave it, and charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: There is no official rule that Taco Day has to be Friday. Randy never formalized it. But there's also no official rule that he'll throw you into a wood chipper for saying "hay is for horses."
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what rigatoni was. He'd murder a tiger in a wood chipper place it into a semi truck and charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy used to own a coffee shop, but he greatly misunderstood what Starbucks is. Your dirty imperial credits were no good there.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what chopin' broccoli was supposed to be. He would force Dana Carvey to play classical Polish piano music and charged you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what a head of lettuce was.  He’d use hollowed out human skulls for salad bowls and charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what hot and sour soup is. He'd throw an atomic war head and some sour patch kids in a pot of boiling water and charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy doesn't fuck up. He fucks down.
Fact: Randy doesn't have a shit list... but if he did it would be :redshit:
Fact: Randy only takes a shit in port-a-johns. That's because digging up sceptic tanks is way too much effort.
Fact: Randy used to be in a band called list shit 25.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what Cherokee Red was.  He’d grind up an indian chief in a wood chipper strain the liquid into a glass and charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what calzones are.  He put Cal in the corner of the office, put cracks in the wall to make it cold, and charged him 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner. He'd cut off your left foot, bury you in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie, and charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: Eric is not surprised by Randy, but he doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy has taken up boxing and developed an amazing left-dodge-uppercut combo maneuver. That means he can only fight boxers who rely on their left hooks. Some people criticize him for boxing hookers but Randy doesn't care what you think.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what a combo platter was.  He’d open 3 different varieties of Combos snacks, dump them on a plate, and charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy runs a home for recovering phonics addicts. It even has a nursery unit that specializes in caring for phonicsbabies.
Fact: Randy took up boxing because he was assaulted by a strung out phonics addict on the street. His left-dodge-uppercut maneuver assures that he will never be right-hooked on phonics again!
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what coffee was. He'd cough in a cup of hot water, dump it on your lap, and charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy told the lost boys to grow up and they did.
Fact: Randy telling the lost boys to grow up didn't work out well for Corey Feldman.
Fact: Randy blew his nose once.  What came out was so large it took up the whole trash can.  For some reason, Randy taught it to read, then ditched it in front of someones house.  Now it has a show on TV.
Fact: After seeing Randy's snot monster take off on the television show "the Kardashians," Sesame Street creator Jim Henson crafted the character Oscar the Grouch after it.
Fact: Randys unofficially calls his nose "Melmac." The TV show Alf is loosely based on the origin story of his snot monster but Randy's never seen it.
Fact: When you use the name Randy in a possessive way, he prefers to spell it Randies.  He hates apostrophes, yet loves confusion and chaos.
Fact: Randy used to own a church, but he greatly misunderstood what pluralism is. He'd spell it "Randies Church," give communion, and charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy was caught trying to steal a pack of Magic the Gathering cards from a local Toy Store.  Randy scolded the manager of the store for interfering with his plundering and charged him 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy used to own a currency exchange business, but he greatly misunderstood what the bartering system was. He'd trade you a box of bullets, some wagon axles, and clothing and charge you 8 ducks.
Fact: Randy is a cruel human being.  His heart is black as night, like a bullet hole. His heart is so cold black and dead, that when a doctor uses a stethoscope on Randy, instead of a heart beat he hears “Whatchoo talkin ‘bout Willis?"
Fact: Randy likes his coffee like he likes his childhood actors. Cold black and dead.
Fact: The care bear stare doesn't work on Randy. His heart is too cold black and dead.
Fact: Randy's heart is so cold black and dead he almost buried it in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: The song Total Eclipse of the Heart is a retelling of the day Randy typed the :heart: smiley and his cold black and dead heart brought 3 days of darkness down upon the Earth.
Fact: Randy used to own a sports arena, but he greatly misunderstood what a track meet was. Long story short, the end of the race featured a woodchipper and for a little while thereafter Randy owned a diner.
Fact: Randy used to own a Mercedes…. in a private room at a strip club in Tallahassee Florida, but then he ran out of Kordell Stewart rookie cards to make it rain on her.
Fact: Randy has scooped out his own eye before but he didn't like the experience.
Fact: Yeah, for some reason Bobby put Randy's eye into an olive jar and his hand wouldn't fit, so he had to use a spoon to get it back out.
Fact: Randy has a temper, and a wood chipper, but even by comparison Bobby's pranks are just weird. Randy doesn't even like olives.
Fact: Bobby put Randy's eye in his pocket once. Randy tried to make the best of it. Bobby had 1 dollar and 37 cents.
Fact: Randy doesn’t understand diabetes.  Ain’t no one gonna die from no diabetes.  That’s why Randy calls them Livebetes.  You can call it that too if you want, but he’ll have to charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy likes to dress as a dwarf and pelt Bobby with little pieces of corn.
Fact: One time Randy dressed as a dwarf, and Bobby tried to grab his axe, but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: When Randy asks you to repeat yourself, it's because, it in his mind, there's a sweet bass-line going and he's trying to remix the conversation he's having with you.
Fact: Randy used to be involved with medicine, but he greatly misunderstood what Octomom was.  Long story short, he charged her 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy used to have a mullet that functioned like brass knuckles. He'd use this to beat some sense into people too dumb to like star wars.  This is why we associate hairy knuckles with low intelligence.
Fact: Randy has a bear skin rug.  Well…. not really.  Randy has a bear in his living room and he told him to play dead.
Fact: Randy did a bare all interview. He placed a bear in all of the rooms in his house and challenged the interviewer to find him to conduct the interview.
Fact: Randy once tried to throw Brian in the wood chipper, but it had no effect. Brian don't care. Brian don't give a shit.
Fact: Randy once confused Brian's quiet meditation for him being a ninja. Big mistake.
Fact: Randy once tried to bury Brian in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie. But Brian don't care. Brian don't give a shit.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what chilled monkey Brians are. Randy taught a monkey to calm down but But Brian don't care. Brian don't give a shit. Then Brian charged him 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy couldn't take Brian's left foot. Normally Randy is great at everything but this time he just couldn't hackett.
Fact: Brian is actually Randy in disguise... He's just REALLY GOOD at not giving a shit.
Fact: Randy doesn’t disguise; he disses women and children.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what a signature sandwich was.  He’d make you a sandwich, pee on it, and charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: All software ever created and that ever will be created is / will be set to Randy's defaults.
Fact: Randy’s top 3 favorite ice cream flavors are Trout, Oreos with Eyeballs, and Gun.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what ice cream was. Long story short, it might have done better in space.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what saucers are. I'm not saying it's aliens, but it's gonna cost you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner that served venison, but he greatly misunderstood fish and game laws. Long story short, it cost him 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what chicken fried steak was. He threatened to throw a herd of cows into a deep fryer and the one that tried to run away became dinner.
Fact: Randy used to own a dinner, but he greatly misunderstood how many n's to use in the word. He sold it to customers for 8 bucks and called it a diner.
Fact: Randy is an avant garde scientist at the intersection of human biology and botany. His latest project: growing human hands on a palm tree. They come in two varieties: regular and “Mom’s Spaghetti,” the latter being a bit more clammy than the former. Each costs 8 bucks.
Fact: The "Mom's Spaghetti" variety of Randy's handy palm tree was designed after the vomit on Eminem's sweater and costs 8 bucks. One buck for each of the miles in 8 mile.
Fact: Randy hit eight deer on his way to work; the trip cost 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy hasn’t enjoyed playing Magic the Gathering for years now.  He just doesn’t know what else he would do with that spare time.  Conversely he still loves amputating left feet so he has options.
Fact: Randy made a terrible baseball card trade today. He gave away the an entire page of cards for the disgusting gum in a new pack. The whole ordeal cost him 8 bucs!
Fact: Randy has a magical cauldron in his back yard that he uses as a bird bath during the summer months.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what candy is. He'd set up a bunch of TVs in the dining area and make everyone watch 8 Uncle Bucks.
Fact: Randy keeps an axe in his trunk. Sometimes Bobby forgets deodorant.
Fact: Randy authored the US best-seller "101 Things To Do With All That Junk Inside Your Trunk". 
Fact: It's been said that Randy will give you back your left foot if you collect enough copper pennies.
Fact: Every picture is a picture of Randy...  He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy has never hustled a game of Magic: The Gathering because he is physically unable to lose at it. 
Fact: When Randy pisses someone off, they leave with a shirt soaked in the shape of Randy’s signature.
Fact: Randy sold his soul for a ham barbecue sandwich and a Kordell Stewart Rookie card.
Fact: After Randy cuts off his victims left feet (for those he allows to live)  He sears your bloody stump with a 500 degree cast iron pan.  It’s not to stop the bleeding or anything like that.  He just really likes the sound *TSSSSSSSSSSS*.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what pizza logs were. I mean he made them correctly, he just never understood that he should serve them to the customers. He'd eat them all, deliver a plate of crumbs, and charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, and when he first opened the 1,000th customer ate for free.  Then Randy charged him 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy’s neighbor used to have a Tracheotomy.  But Randy fixed it with some Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy lost the keys to his house once, so he filled the keyhole in with Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement, and drilled a new one.
Fact: Randy lost the keys to his house once, so he took the Florida keys and replaced the locks
Fact: Randy lost the lid to his can of Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement, so he sealed the hole up with some Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy conquered all of the Asian pacific with his ginger army once. He took over a group of islands with a group of violence.
Fact: Randy is banned from Subway after he heard the lady ask him if he wanted a whole or half sandwich.  He then coated all the 6 inch bread with Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he charged $8 for the $5 footlong
Fact: Randy thinks that Polynesia is when he sends Pauly Shore at you to do a dragon kick. A similar threat is how the movie Encino Man was made.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what a submarine sandwich was. The last one he made really sunk his restaurant.
Fact: Randy used to own a Subway but he greatly misunderstood what a five dollar foot long was. Turns out people didn't expect to get severed left feet in their sandwich. Or to be charged 8 bucks.
Fact: In his early years Randy only had a lair of live mice. This was before they had warmed up to him and decided to give him a great big hug.
Fact: Randy and Bobby used to be arch nemeses. Their last great battle took place in Australia. Swarms of invading mice were devastating farmland and Bobby was attacking Randy with a supercharged frisbee (He had just seen the movie Tron. Randy never saw it but he got the general idea from Bobby throwing a flying disc at him). They climbed onto the rafters of a barn and with a mighty toss Bobby knocked Randy into the pile of swarming radioactive mice below. The mice warmed up to him quickly. Literally, their radioactivity changed Randy's genetic make up. His skeleton caught on fire, his knowledge of star wars instantly grew, and the mice became his friends, forever protecting him under his hoodie. Bobby realized what had happened and that he could not defeat the newly strengthened Randy. He quickly came up with a cunning plan to gain Randy's trust by saying "Sorry! My bad!". Randy agreed to end the feud and they both lived out the rest of their days as brothers working for the greater good.
Fact: Randy has a pilots license.  He doesn’t know how to fly a plane, but he kept it as a souvenir after murdering a flight crew.
Fact: Randy used to own a bar, but he greatly misunderstood what "The Stuntman" was. He snorted some salt, threw lemon juice in someone's eye, and then charged them 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy once had a shot at love with Tila Tequila but he screwed it up when he squirted some lemon in his eye, snorted some salt, and then screamed at her in pain.
Fact: Only you can prevent forest fires… Unless Randy is lighting the fire, then you can’t prevent anything except losing your left foot by turning around and running away.
Fact: Randy has escaped from prison at least 15 different times with an escape key he ripped off an old keyboard. It's not that he actually uses it as part of his escape plan, he just likes to take it along for the irony. The more amazing part is how he smuggles it into prison with him every time, but Eric doesn't want to talk about that.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what napkins were.  He’d render a family member unconcious, dump them in your lap, and charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but when a customer asked for a knife, he brought them 10,000 spoons and charged them 8 bucks. The customer found this ironic.
Fact: Randy is state champion at Knifey-Spoony 8 years running.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner because he went to Spork University and wanted to use his degree.
Fact: Randy decides who lives and dies via d6.
Fact: When Randy misses, it's always on purpose.
Fact: Randy misses Travis, but Travis still takes splash damage.
Fact: Randy is able to roll a 0 on a d6.
Fact: Randy’s d6 has an Emilio Estivez side.
Fact: Randy once made a cleaning detergent so powerful that it could make sandstone shine. He called his wonderful product Sheen and sold it for 8 bucks. After a lengthy television ad campaign the cleaning product became sentient and started calling itself Martin. It hid from Randy by changing its name to Estevez but it became too comfortable in its new family life. Randy caught up to it, made it change its name back, and forced it to perform in movies for laughs.
Fact: Randy doesn't know how many movies he forced Martin Sheen to make because he's never seen them.
Fact: The original working title for Martin Sheen's famous war movie was Fancium Now. Randy doesn't know that they changed the title because he's never seen it.
Fact: Randy is the reason a wiener with cocaine on it is called a Sheenus.  Skadoosh.
Fact: When Randy found out Charlie Sheen was HIV + he fixed it with some Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Charlie Sheen has HIV because Randy gave him an IV of Henry's Wet Patch Roofing Cement. That's where the H comes from. He no longer has Tiger Blood, he has Henry's blood.
Fact: Randy wrote a song for a band called Herman’s Hermits titled I’m Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement I am.  They changed the title, but still pay him Royalties because he accepts Kordell Stewart Rookie cards as payment.
Fact: Randy will work for peanuts, as long as they are peanuts shaped like a Kordell Stewart Rookie card.
Fact: Randy was in a band in high school but they loosened the metal restraints after he graduated. The world has not recovered since.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what walking tacos are. He pour taco meat and shredded cheese into your shoe and charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what gummy bears are. He'd rip out all the teeth from a grizzly bear and unleash it on all the customers to see if it was still able to kill them.
Fact: Randy doesn't believe in a death tax. He kills people as a public service.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what Hawaiian Punch was.  He’d wear a coconut bra with a grass skirt then beat you half to death with a ukulele and charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what French Toast was. Every time a customer ordered French Toast, Randy would find the nearest glass, raise it in the air, and smash it into the patron’s mouth. Then he’d charge 8 bucks for the glass.
Fact: Randy invented sunshine to make sad people happy.
Fact: Randy invented rainbows to fire his arrows of happiness at school children who understand the difference between "hey" and "hay"
Fact: Randy hugs his wood chipper every morning before leaving for work. It deserves hugs too.
Fact: Randy chromed out his wood chipper and put 24 inch rims on it.
Fact: Randy once filmed a pilot episode for a reality show called "Pimp My Woodchipper". It didn't do so well because he charged everyone $8 to watch it.
Fact: Xhibit pimped Randy's ride and DIDN'T put a flatscreen TV on it.
Fact: <http://randy.com|randy.com>
Fact: Randy is excited for winter, because now he can drown people in the lake and deny it till it thaws back out.
Fact: When Randy is searching the internet for information, he goes to <http://www.mentalillness.com|www.mentalillness.com> first.
Fact: Xzibit pimped Randy's ride and put a roller coaster in it. There was still room for a family of 4 when he was done.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what the Atkins Diet was.  He’d take you to your sisters house, make you a PBnJ then charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what an ear of corn was.  He’d cut your ear off, fill it with corn and charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy has a nervous tick. He keeps him in a jar buried in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Randy has a baseball field in Carnegie.  He keeps it buried in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: I'd be nervous too if Randy kept me in a jar
Fact: Randy has a nervous crossplatform program. He keeps him in a .jar buried in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood one lady’s order.  He thought she said CHILDREN nuggets.  He kidnapped a local orphanage battered and deep fried 2 of the louder ones, and charged her 8 bucks.
Fact: Java doesn’t run on Randy.
Fact: Flash does run on Randy, only because he thought it was The Flash
Fact: Randy won on Final Jeopardy. His answer: "Do you like dragons?" His wager: "My Kordell Stewart Rookie Card" As it turns out Trebek doesn't like dragons. It also turns out that he now has a prosthetic left foot.
Fact: The first time Moses came down off the mountain, he was actually carrying the 10 greatest Randyfacts ever, but when he got to the bottom, he saw Randy using the last of God's shared minutes plan and got so angry he broke them. When he came back the second time, it was just a bunch of "thou shalt" and "thou shalt not"s. What a bummer.
Fact: Randy always has a plan, even when it's crashing through the window of an SUV from doing a stoppie on a motorcycle with some random girl.
Fact: Yes, Randy's refrigerator is running -- in the Boston Marathon. Randy's trained it to be able to run the race in under 2 hours.
Fact: Randy once applied sun screen to Al Pacino’s back.
Fact: When Randy is worried about getting a sunburn, he applies sunscreen to the sun.
Fact: Randy was on minute to win it.  It took him 4 hours, but somehow he still won.
Fact: Randy used to own a dog pound, but he greatly misunderstood dog breeding. He successfully mated a bulldog and a Shih Tzu. He called it a "TzuDog." Randy also greatly misunderstood swearing.
Fact: Randy used to own the sun, but he donated it to charity.
Fact: Randy bites zombies and they become human again.
Fact: Randy has a database containing 405,394 pieces of information that don't ever need to be repeated.
Fact: Randy gave Wilford Brimley the Diabeetus
Fact: Randy would’ve hit the jackpot in the most recent Powerball drawing, but he threw his ticket at a wild Articuno.
Fact: Randy didn’t agree with parts of the periodic table, so he created some periodic placemats.
Fact: Randy's table of elements is ALL the time, not just periodic.
Fact: In Randy's table of elements, he never closed &lt;carbon&gt;, because fuck carbon.
Fact: Randy likes to keep up his fitness whilst working. Some say “standing desk.” Randy says “periodic chair."
Fact: Xenobiologists once mistook Randy's carbon footprint for a sasquatch.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but the diners got confused because they had to order-by-number from their periodic table of elements placemats.
Fact: Randy’s savings is in covalent bonds.
Fact: Randy invented a shot called the Jinn and Tauntonic, and after drinking one you'll be qui-gon.
Fact: Randy invented a shot called the Brewsader. It's just beer... but you do the shot out of The Holy Grail.
Fact: Randy invented his own signature drink, but Eric doesn't want to talk about it. 
Fact: Randy used to own a diner but he greatly misunderstood what hamburger helper is. Long story short, he brought someone's dinner back to life.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner but he greatly misunderstood beans. He gave them all instruments and organized a dance number but they're horrible in fruit smoothies.
Fact: Randy lives on a greater plane than mere mortals. He's never really anywhere, he is just visiting. He uses this to his advantage while playing Monopoly.
Fact: When Randy drinks, Bobby gets drunk just by proxy.
Fact: Proxy is the name of Randy's favorite bar.
Fact: Proxy does not serve Randy's signature drink.
Fact: Randy earns frequent flyer miles every time he visits the astral plane.
Fact: Randy earns frequent flyer miles every time he goes set trippin'.
Fact: Randy's astral plain comes with no mayo or cheese.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what the astral plane was. He got some people high on acid and charged them 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, he’d stay dangerous by cooking your meal on a block uranium, then he’d plate it with a dirty spatula and charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner.  For desert his menu included zingers, he’d go in the kitchen, grab the first thing he saw, and remark “they can’t all be zingers folks” then charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy's hindsight is 400/20 and goes through walls. 
Fact: Randy has laser hearing. Scientists have not yet been able to determine if this actually helps him hear better, but they _have_ verified that it is awesome.
Fact: Randy is an expert in laser eye surgery. He's removed thousands of eyes with his laser pointer and a sharpened spoon.
Fact: Randy is an expert in laser eye surgery. He's removed thousands of internal organs from his patients using lasers he shoots out of his eyes.
Fact: Randy is an expert in laser eye surgery, but sometimes he just cuts someone clear in half with his laser eyes just for fun.
Fact: Randy is an expert at laser eye surgery. Without Randy's help Superman couldn't take off his glasses and his alter ego wouldn't make sense.
Fact: Randy is an expert in laser eye surgery. He and Cyclops used to run a private practice in Carnegie, but they split ways when Randy insisted that dragons are cooler than phoenixes.
Fact: Randy fired Cyclops from his laser eye surgery practice in Carnegie over an argument... just for the irony.
Fact: Randy re-hired Cyclops into his laser eye surgery practice in Carnegie over an argument... just for the irony.
Fact: Dragons ARE cooler than phoenixes... when you think about it.
Fact: Randy’s mount is a dragon that breathes phoenixes.
Fact: Randy loves this song. <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=njrmL1y3ul8>
Fact: Not even Randy can resist clicking on a video titled Retarded Running Horse.
Fact: Randy found a retarded running horse in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Randy coaches inner-city kids at Tetris on the weekends.
Fact: Randy serves an all-seeing nuclear mushroom deity.
Fact: Mostly Randy just leaves messages on the prayer answering machine of his all-seeing nuclear mushroom deity.
Fact: Randy was comfortable murdering hobos long before the all-seeing nuclear mushroom deity asked him to.
Fact: Randy has the power of hindsight.  When you fuck something up, he swoops in like a fuckin’ majestic hawk and basically tells you it’s all your fault and that you’re a terrible person, and by swooping in like a majestic hawk I mean he kind of slowly meanders towards you in a general malaise.
Fact: Randy can do cigarette math.
Fact: Randy did nuclear mushrooms in the ‘70s.
Fact: Acid trips on Randy.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what pots and pans are. He'd put on a really strange play about the lost boys giggling and eating cheetos then he'd charge you with possession of 8 bucks.
Fact: Cocaine  is created by processing the eye crusties randy flakes off in the morning.
Fact: In the upcoming Mech Warrior multiplayer game, one can play as Randy in a tank top.
Fact: Randy used to own a clothing store, but he greatly misunderstood what a wife beater was.  He’d grab the nearest female, kick her in the baby maker and charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy has trouble getting a date, but not for the reasons stated above.
Fact: Randy used to own a clothing store, but he greatly misunderstood what a petticoat was. He'd find a jacket and just hold some stupid grudge for like three weeks.
Fact: Every time Randy goes out to eat, someone grinds a very coarse roll into his face, he’s ok with it too, cause he’s good at pinball.
Fact: Randy has trouble getting a date, but not for the reasons stated below.
Fact: Randy has the world's largest toe nail collection, but it doesn't count because they're still attached to rotting left feet.
Fact: Randy collects comic book hero paraphernalia. He confiscated a bong from superman, rolling papers from batman, and Capt. America's entire supply of cheetos.
Fact: Randy doesn't know how to treat his dog well. His dog is fine, he takes great care of her. It's the giant pit in his back yard that all the neighbor dogs keep falling into. The wooden support beams are suffering dry rot and he can't find the source of the water damage.
Fact: Randy has free based Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy has base-jumped off of Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy has written a novel based on the true story of Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy has free bass lessons sponsored by  Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy once got angry and stabbed a man 23 times.  He patched the holes with Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing cement.  Yeah, the guy still died of internal injuries, but the carpet remained clean.  Randy calls that a win.
Fact: Randy is an extremely shallow person during low tide.
Fact: Randy becomes very insightful when the tide comes in.
Fact: Randy developed an open source version of Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing cement.
Fact: Randy re-bases all of his Git repos to Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what fruit by the foot was.  He’d cut off your left foot, put it in a fruit basket and charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy has bad breath. I mean it smells minty fresh, but it likes to wear leather jackets and ride a motorcycle.
Fact: Randy has a torture chamber, currently it has Charlie Driscoll in it…. so….. it’s empty.
Fact: Randy has put on a little extra wait around the mid section. It's much more patient than the rest of him.
Fact: Randy can't gain any weight because his skin is made of Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy is not ready to support a family. He tunneled under that family's house mining for francium and has to secure all of the sink holes before they can move in.
Fact: Randy's blood is often mistaken for Tiger blood, and has similar hallucinogenic effects. Sorry, Charlie Sheen.
Fact: Randy can't stop talking about his x. What? He can't help it if he likes algebra!
Fact: Randy keeps all of his animal specimens in ajar, but they keep escaping because he leaves the lid open.
Fact: Randy often has trouble in bed. His blankets are just too damn warm but the house is too damn cold!
Fact: Randy just did what I normally do to him, but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy used to own a shoe store but he greatly misunderstood penny loafers. He'd tell you to get off your tush and find him 8 bucks worth of copper pennies.
Fact: One Thursday morning, like every other, all of the Sir Pizza employees pile into the lone company station wagon and head for Carnegie. “It’s another Randyday!” one exclaims. During the first leg of the jaunt, they exchange tales of Randydays past and fiddle in their pockets for the disproportionate eight dollars in gas money owed. Tunes play. Heads sway. Raw anticipation seems to invigorate even the air between them; it takes on a smell that the uninitiated might mistake for body odor. Finally, they arrive. The music stops. Their curbside destination outside of Randy’s house offers a rare glimpse into heaven. At once, Randy emerges from his abode, unaware that his small smile is a counterbalance to the employees’ struggles—one end of a pulley system that lifts the world from tired shoulders. And in a moment, it’s over; Randy is pacing towards Wexford, leaving in his wake more happiness than carbon emissions. The employees escape their euphoria just before the start of business, each hoping that he or she might be blessed again that day.
Fact: Supa Hot Fire only lost one rap <http://battle.It|battle.It> was to randy.
Fact: Randy has mad old school rap skills.  He writes down his rhymes on this pad of paper over here.  He doesn't know it, but every once in a while I sneak a peak.  His latest one is dope.  It's like.  “I woke up this mornin’ and I yelled SIRS-DAY, I hate K2 even more than Jay.  I’ve got it, God damn it is what Eric would say, In my diner 8 bucks is the bill to pay. word to your mother."
Fact: Randy has mad old school rap skills.  He writes down his rhymes on this pad of paper over here.  He doesn't know it, but every once in a while I sneak a peak.  His latest one is dope.  It's like.  "I'm not a rapper, but I shot an old napper, with my nintendo zapper, it's plugged into the clapper, so you better shut your yapper, cuz my beats are on napster. word to your mother."
Fact: Randy has mad old school rap skills. His going rate doubles around Christmas and family birthdays.
Fact: Yes, Randy does do parties. Mostly kids' birthdays and corporate get-togethers, though.
Fact: Randy has an apostrophe and a single quote buried in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Randy has mad old school rap skills.  He writes down his rhymes on this pad of paper over here.  He doesn't know it, but every once in a while I sneak a peak.  His latest one is dope.  It's like.  “Got a 40 in my hand, but I ain’t drinkin, it’s cougar night baby, what else was you thinkin? I’m the Rand man and I make this stuff look easy, pickin’ up the girls where the music is cheesy, I’m not one to boast, and seldom do I brag, but before I leave tonight I’ll even make her pay my tab.  word to your mother."
Fact: Randy shot Bob Segar's band out of a shotgun and killed an entire den of werewolves.
Fact: Randy shot an entire den of werewolves out of his trebuchet and killed Bob Seger’s band.
Fact: Randy has 2 speeds, slower than you, and much slower than you.
Fact: Randy uses all his indulgences to commit Sloth.
Fact: Randy's favorite Goonies character is Sloth, but he's not all that fond of baby ruths.
Fact: Randy isn’t all about people breaking the sound barrier. He doesn’t think blowing up hedgehogs is a funny matter.
Fact: You can't fight physics, unless you're Randy.
Fact: Cocaine is hopelessly addicted to the Randman.
Fact: Mountain Lions, Pumas, and Panthers are all common names for animals that are hopelessly addicted to the Randman.
Fact: Not even Randy can speed up the Jira website.
Fact: Not even a hungry lion can speed up Randy.
Fact: Randy keeps a slab of raw meat in his back-left pocket specifically for hungry lion situations.
Fact: Hungry Lions are hopelessly addicted to the Randman's slab of raw meat that he keeps in his back-left pocket.
Fact: Randy appears to move slowy because he told the rest of reality to speed up, and it did. 
Fact: Hungry Lions aren't the only things that are hopelessly addicted to the Randman's slab of raw meat that he keeps in his back-left pocket.
Fact: Randy = MC^2. Word to your mother.
Fact: Randy has Cougar Night Moves. Down, right, "A" shoots a fire ball and back, forward, "X" does a dragon uppercut.
Fact: Randy has Cougar Night Moves.  He’ll walk by and casually say, I’ll vacuum the house in the morning. works every time.
Fact: Randy twirls the magical glowing swords from Lord of the Rings around at Rave parties. He permanently maims a lot of people but he looks really cool while doing it.
Fact: Randy has Cougar Night Moves.  He’ll walk by and casually say, honor student huh?  Your son might have gotten straight A’s, but you’re an A+.  works every time.
Fact: Randy has Cougar Night Moves. He asks his date to the prom but asks her to pretend that she's his aunt pretending to be his date. Works every time.
Fact: Randy has Cougar Night Moves. He asks his prom date to pretend to be his chaperon. Works every time.
Fact: Randy has Cougar Night Moves.  He’ll walk by and casually say, so what do you want for breakfast?  I used to own a diner.  works every time.
Fact: Randy has Cougar Night Moves. He sees Little Hugs in a lady's shopping cart and asks "Are you going to drink those all by yourself?". Works every time.
Fact: Randy has Cougar Night Moves.  He’ll walk by and casually say, looks like you got a lot of room in the back of that minivan.  Works every time.
Fact: Randy has Cougar Night moves.  He’ll walk by and casually say, Sunny D!  all right. thanks mom.  Works every time.
Fact: Randy has Cougar Night Moves. He starts reciting a quote from Twilight and waits for her to finish his sentence. Works every time.
Fact: Randy has Cougar Night Moves.  He “acquired” some Tiger Blood from Charlie Sheen.  Works every time.
Fact: Randy has Cougar Night moves.  He’ll walk by and casually say, “We’re both preying tonight."  Works every time.
Fact: Randy has Cougar Night Moves. He starts up a conversation about the latest Danielle Steel novel. Works every time.
Fact: Randy has Cougar Night Moves.  He has a hoodie with 50 Shades of Grey.  Works every time.
Fact: Randy does not have Cougar Night Grooves. He prefers to work his magic _off_ the dance floor.
Fact: Randy has Cougar Night moves. They’re buried in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie. When the ladies ask if he can “dig it,” he replies, “If you only knew…"
Fact: Randy has Cougar Night Moves.  None of which involve his Kordell Stewart Rookie Card.  He’s saving that one.
Fact: Randy has Cougar Night moves.  He gets the ladies to play the hokey pokey next to his wood chipper.  His favorite part is, “You put your left foot in…"
Fact: In Randy's basement, no one can hear you scream.
Fact: Randy’s basement contains all of his Cougar Night Moves that didn’t work.  Items include a can of Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement, a wood chipper, and a Kordell Stewart Rookie Card.
Fact: Randy’s basement has a skylight.
Fact: Randy no longer goes into his basement, because it doesn’t like dragons.
Fact: Randy talks to basements.
Fact: Randy talks to the baseball fields. He has trouble understanding them. He doesn't know what the dugout meant but he knows what the basement.
Fact: Randy's senile.
Fact: Randy used to play baseball, but he greatly misunderstood what a dugout was.  Now there’s an unmarked grave behind a creek next to a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Baseball was originally based on Randy's favorite arcade game. Over the years the rules have changed dramatically but the dugout kept its original name.
Fact: Randy has the high score on Cougar Night.
Fact: Randy is an arsonist, he leaves his signature behind by peeing on the house before fleeing the scene.
Fact: When Randy was young his parents said "Our son is really smart!". Randy greatly misunderstood this and is suspected in at least a dozen suspicious fires.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but his parents told him he was smart.
Fact: Randy is not a pinball wizard, however because of his feat *Master of the Arcade Arts* he is still able to cast 9th level pinball spells at no penalty.
Fact: Randy only takes half of all of the feats available to his race/class combo.
Fact: Randy used to be a wizard, but he greatly misunderstood what a cantrip is. He kept getting killed while trying to roll cans into the path of his foes.
Fact: Randy used to be a wizard, but he greatly misunderstood what a cantrip is. Now he's sitting in a tin can.... far above the world.
Fact: Randypedia does regular expressions.
Fact: Randy has mad old school rap skills.  He writes down his rhymes on this pad of paper over here.  He doesn't know it, but every once in a while I sneak a peak.  His latest one is will be released it on his new album titled "Wiggity Whack Metronome Attack,  feat. Lefty Lucy"
Fact: Randy hugs polar bears as a regular expression of love for nature.
Fact: Originally the "don't try this at home" warning included the phrase "except for Randy". However, they dropped it because it was just implied.
Fact: Randy used to be a ninja turtle. He eradicated the foot clan in one afternoon and had nothing left to do.
Fact: Randy once drank a bottle of bleach so he could clean his toilet later.
Fact: When Randy foots the bill, he isn't paying for shit. He's just throwing left feet at some poor sucker named Bill.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what turtle soup was.  He’d duct tape your mouth, throw you in the trunk, and dump you in a lake, then charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy’s not political, but he thinks Millard Fillmore knew what the fuck he was doing.
Fact: Randy liked Ike... but not nearly as much as he likes dragons.
Fact: Randy watched the Adams' Family as a child. John Adams called it stalking, but Randy loves to learn about the Presidents. You can't blame him.
Fact: There’s a bag in the bag in the drawer in the chest in the office at the bottom of the sea.  There’s a bag in the bag in the drawer in the chest in the office at the bottom of the sea.  There’s a bag, there’s a bag.  There’s a bag at the bottom of the sea. I will not apologize for this.
Fact: A multitude of snarly elderly women reside inside of Randy’s bag of bags.
Fact: Randy is the voice of Seth MacFarlane.
Fact: God spoke to Randy once, all he said was “Give me my left foot back and I’ll forget about this whole thing."
Fact: Randy is Stone Cold ET.
Fact: Randy has actually slapped the taste out of someones mouth.  The guy died… but he couldn’t taste anything either so that counts.
Fact: Randy used to be a conquistador, so he knows.
Fact: Not everyone knows how to read aurebesh. Randy used to be a conquistador, so he knows.
Fact: Randy’s roomate really likes Patti LaBelle pies.
Fact: Randy has a Patti Labelle rookie card.
Fact: Patti LaBelle has a Randy rookie card, it's a picture of him creating the big bang.
Fact: Patti LaBelle has an entire Chess Set based on Randy. The pawns are severed left feet!
Fact: Randy started collecting left feet when someone asked him if he wanted to go roller blading.  He took circular saw blades and rolled them down a large hill.  Feet were severed accidentally, and he enjoyed it so much he kept them as a souvenir.  That girl doesn’t ask him to go rollerblading any more, but he does have a great souvenir to remember her by.
Fact: The girl that asked Randy to go rollerblading was the only one there that day who got to keep her left foot. He gave it back to her in a gift wrapped package and asked if she liked dragons.
Fact: When Randy eats a walking taco, he always starts with the left foot.
Fact: Randy observed that a walking taco was hunched over low, so he gave it a taco cane.
Fact: Randy once took someone's other foot. It was wrong, but it felt so right. 
Fact: When Randy ask Eric something he doesn't want to talk about, Eric replies in ignaurebesh.
Fact: When Randy used to be into burglary, he went by the nickname "Prints" because he'd always leave fingerprints at the scene of the crime. They'd always catch him and take him to jail but he didn't care because he was so great at escaping. One day Randy decided to start using gloves, and henceforth he became the escape artist formerly known as "Prints".
Fact: When Randy is in the hood, he sends texts with em-OG.
Fact: The mothman used to appear right before all natural disasters. Randy got sick of him warning people so he kicked him in the mothballs.
Fact: Randy has the mothman mounted in a glass display case with the rest of his insect collection.
Fact: Randy has Cougar Night moves.  Eric doesn't wanna talk about it. But needless to say, they work every time.
Fact: Randy has Cougar Night moves.  They mostly involve cleaning out a giant litter box and finding a dead raccoon on his doorstep, but they work every time.
Fact: When Bobby wakes up in the morning he hits his head on the bottom of the top bunk.
Fact: Bobby goes missing but unnoticed in Randyfacts. Much like the "." after "dr" in Dr Pepper
Fact: Randy has a microphone, it’s small, and it only calls Batman.
Fact: Randy has two turntables and a small microphone that only calls Batman.
Fact: Randy has two turntables, they turn into chairs, and one of them only calls Batman.
Fact: Randy has a small microphone and two turn undead spells.
Fact: Randy has a bat signal… but it only calls Kordell Stewart.
Fact: Randy installs small mike rowe phones behind dumpsters in back alleys to help batman catch criminals. It's a dirty job but somebody's got to do it.
Fact: Randy likes to play quarterback because of his love for Kordell Stewart, but he doesn’t call the plays, he only calls Batman.
Fact: Randy has a recipe that only calls for Batman.
Fact: God is unable to call Batman because Randy used up all the minutes on their shared cell phone plan.
Fact: When the screen is locked on Randy's phone, you can only dial 911, and Batman.
Fact: Randy uses batman.js for all his AJAX calls.
Fact: Randy has a friend who plays baseball whom he only calls Batman.
Fact: Bobby only calls Robin.
Fact: When Randy wants to see Bobby, he only calls Rob in.
Fact: When Randy umps the Superfriend's annual softball game he only calls batman out.
Fact: Some guys do cat calls, Randy only calls Batman.
Fact: Randy sometimes doesn't call Batman... but only when he can't get any batsignal on his phone.
Fact: Randy's phone can only dial three numbers: Batman, the Ghostbusters, and Papa John's.
Fact: Papa John's only calls batman to get directions to Randy's house.
Fact: If you'll be my bodyguard I can be your long lost pal. Randy can call Batman, and when Batman calls Randy he can call him Al.
Fact: Randy has never thought it was a good idea to control the wild boar population in Texas by killing them. Randy only culls Batman.
Fact: For Randy’s first Halloween he went as Captain North Nipples.  He didn’t wear a costume, but people knew exactly what he was anyway.
Fact: Randy hates broccoli, not for the taste, but for what it did to cauliflower.
Fact: Randy can only cauliflower batman.
Fact: Randy loves Ham BBQ because it goes great with cauliflower.
Fact: Randy pimped Xibit's ride.  He didn’t hook it up with anything cool, or make it better in any way, but now it owes him 100 bucks every Friday.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he created a 6 million dollar burger, and only charged 8 bucks for it.
Fact:  Randy loves ANY move with Armold Swartznagger.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what a spaghetti basket was, he’d weave a wicker-like basket out of noodles, fill it with sauce, and charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy is racist.
Fact: Randy sells bite sized noodle baskets at the concession stand of high school sports games. He never opens when a game is actually being played but he makes a decent profit anyway.
Fact: Randy fought for the south in the Civil War, but his nipples fought for the north
Fact: Ask Randy about his Civil War stories, and he'll bitch about how his sentient nipples dragged him through miles of upstate New York just so he couldn't take part in the battle of Gettysburg.
Fact: Randy rose to the rank of Captain during the civil war before he was labeled a traitor for fighting on both sides. There is still a statue dedicated to Captain North Nipples at Fort Delaware.
Fact: Randy’s nipples can cut glass, they can also cut the cake at your next birthday party for a small one time fee of 14.95.
Fact: Ask Randy about his Civil War stories, and he'll bitch about how his sentient nipples twisted _themselves_ in an effort to prevent Randy from taking place in the battle of Chattenooga.
Fact: Randy's nipples shot General Stonewall Jackson as he returned to camp.
Fact: Ask Randy about his Civil War stories, and he'll bitch about how his sentient nipples got so hard at the battle of Antietam, that he just using them as a bayonet.
Fact: Ask Randy about his Civil War stories, and he'll bitch about how his sentient nipples were so raw, that he signed the peace treaty at Appomattox in blood.
Fact: Ask Randy about his Civil War stories and he'll tell you how General Stonewall Jackson got the name Stonewall by standing behind Randy's hard nipples
Fact: Ask Randy about his Civil War stories, and he'll bitch about how his sentient nipples volunteered themselves to be used as cannonballs by the North at the battle of Bull Run.
Fact: Randy has made tea from the scabs formed on his feet pile.  It was disgusting, I’m not sure what he was thinking there.  He’s not really good in the kitchen, but he’ll try anything once.
Fact: Randy juggles woodchippers.
Fact: Randy juggles people that are juggling.
Fact: Randy sold his sentient nipples on Ebay, Pete bought them for a Kordell Stewart Rookie Card.
Fact: Randy's sentient nipples sought civil litigation after Randy tried selling them on eBay. They won, and Randy had to sell his diner.
Fact: Randy drugs anyone who ventures into space or looks at pictures from space to make them think earth is round. It's really flat. Don't believe the conspiracy.
Fact: Randy used to date Gozer the Gozarian, but she asked him if he was a God, and he said, no, do you like Dragons?
Fact: Randy is the Gate Keeper and the Key Master all-in-one.
Fact: Randy thought of a dragon instead of the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man for Gozer the Gozarian.
Fact: Randy used to own a ghost busting organization, but he greatly misunderstood what an Ecto-Containment System is. He threw all the ghosts in his fridge next to the Hi-C and charged them 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy's dragon can melt the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man any day of the week.
Fact: Randy's dragon melts the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man every Tuesday, but he CAN melt it any day.
Fact: Randy's dragon melts the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man every night at 9, but "only on CNN."
Fact: Randy went to Comic-con with an unlicensed nuclear accelerator on his back. When the other attendees complimented him on his Ghost Busters costume, Randy simply responded "Is that a movie? I've never seen it."
Fact: Randy once crashed a forklift into a hive of wasps. The wasps apologized for being in his way.
Fact: Randy is IBM Watson’s private chef.
Fact: The Earth was once flat, and for a while it was something kind of like an origami crane, but Randy eventually just got frustrated and just crumpled it into a ball.
Fact: Randy hand-cuts every snowflake that falls to the earth.
Fact: Randy nipple-cuts every snowflake that falls to the earth.
Fact: Snow used to have a beard. Randy wanted his snowflakes a bit more clean cut so he invented shaved ice.
Fact: When Randy lived in Florence, he would go out in the winter and straight up murder people. He'd sell the bloodstained snow as "Italian Ice"
Fact: Pete can't force Randy to do anything. Except force him to take action by throwing him into a wood chipper 'cause he won't shut up about Sheetz.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood the Mount Olympus burger. Long story short, he made 8 bucks and Eric doesn't want to talk about it. 
Fact: lol
Fact: Randy has gotten at least 14 women pregnant via cybersex.
Fact: Randy invented asking for A/S/L
Fact: Randy is very interested in who knows American Sign Language and who doesn't.
Fact: Randy learned ASL so that he could communicate with people even over the sounds of wood chippers and screaming.
Fact: When there are protests in the streets of downtown Pittsburgh Randy installs his wood chipper in the sewer and removes one of the sewer grates in hopes that some of the stragglers fall in.
Fact: He labels the victims the grateful dead.
Fact: Randy smokes a war pipe.
Fact: Randy created a Cyanogen competitor called Randroid.
Fact: Randy went to see a B-rated performer and left early, disappointed at the lack of angry criticism.
Fact: Bobby was the original prototype for the Randroid
Fact: Randy has an early Isaac Brock vinyl on his desk; he calls it the modest mousepad.
Fact: Randy’s home desktop setup features a 24” monitor with an ocean background and a flat keyboard separated by a mound of legit Chesapeake Bay sand. Every now and then, a family rolls across the boardwalk on one of those roofed five-person bikes; Randy swats them aside and continues typing.
Fact: Randy processes payments with polka dots.
Fact: Randy operates a weekend stalk brokerage where he sells corn and addresses.
Fact: Randy coats his tongue in black tar before eating spicy food. It doesn't help, he just likes the flavor.
Fact: When Randy visits exclusive night clubs he checks if they're on the list of clubs that are allowed to have him there before entering.
Fact: Randy repulses magnets. I guess you can't blame them. It's hard to stomach a pile of rotting left feet.
Fact: When Randy thinks positive fridge magnets stick to his head.
Fact: Randy is able to fly by doing a handstand and thinking very negative thoughts.  He doesn't fly very far when he does this because it's hard for him to stay so negative with such a nice view.
Fact: The saddest time in Randy's life will be in the future when he has to watch all of the stars going out. At that point he's stooped down to tabloid journalism... nobody really cares who Emma Watson has tea with.
Fact: Randy's pet tapeworm won best in show at the Westminster Kennel Club.
Fact: Contrary to popular belief, Randy does NOT use a friggin' 12-gauge when hunting wolverines.
Fact: Randy supports his 2nd amendment right to bear hands.
Fact: Randy wires his house with 12-gauge. He never knows when he needs to fend of a zombie attack while doing electrical work.
Fact: Randy doesn't like to walk places because he has a severe foot problem. Wait, I spelled that wrong. He has a "sever" foot problem and it's hard to carry around all those left feet with just his bear hands.
Fact: The movie Ecks Vs. Sever is loosely based on Randy's life. Antonio Banderas' role is a dramatic interpretation of Randy's wood chipper and Lucy Liu represents the pile of left feet.
Fact: Randy used to host a monster truck rally, but he greatly misunderstood the premise. He’d cram all of his guests into the bed of an F-150 and drive around in circles in an abandoned planetarium, instructing the participants to watch the 1954 Godzilla movie projected overhead.
Fact: The transmission on Randy's car has a "Maximum Overdrive" gear.
Fact: Randy has cut the paws off a grizzly bear with which he ironically strangles those who misspell homophones.
Fact: Don't ask Randy to replace his legs or head with parts from a grizzly. That's more than he can bear.
Fact: One time Randy said "Skidoosh" off the side of a boat and caught a blowfish.
Fact: Randy can run a mile in 5,378 years. He can also run it a lot faster than that, but if he wants to, he can spend 5 millennia to do it too.
Fact: Randy is so slow, he sinks in regular sand.
Fact: When Randy expresses himself, he does so with Regular Expressions.
Fact: Whenever you cry tears of Joy, know that it was Randy who made Joy cry.
Fact: Randy has just found this new internet meme involving :slowpoke:
Fact: The “Normal Randy” meme features Randy’s picture with text lifted from a randomly selected “Insanity Wolf” image.
Fact: Randy imagines a new number everyday and mathematicians have to account for it with a new symbol.
Fact: Randy's favorite breakfast is a beagle with cream cheese.
Fact: Randy prefers cold dogs.
Fact: Randy makes Hamburger meat in his wood chipper. He has a special hate for Germans from Hamburg
Fact: Randy also makes ground turkey in his wood chipper... even though he's pretty indifferent about Mediterranean people.
Fact: Randy has a special compass that points to the nearest person who likes dragons.
Fact: Randy's compass always points straight back at him while he holds it. 
Fact: The only way for Randy's special compass and his nipples to point in the same direction is if he faces due south while holding it.
Fact: Randy's compass is no good for navigation, but he gets by with his nipples.
Fact: Randy's special compass does not actually like dragons. It's not polite to point.
Fact: In their last dying moments, Randy will often hold his compass  against the body of his victim to help decide which version of the afterlife to send them to with his final strike.
Fact: Randy has actually killed Jay twice.  He just brought him back to life so he could do it again in the future, and jedi mind tricked everyone into forgetting.  Only reason I know is cause I got Randy drunk one time and he told me.  Also, Tom is a dick.
Fact: Randy drunkenly reveals his plans in Morse code by using the words "ca" and "caw" to represent dots and dashes respectively.
Fact: Randy used to own an office supply store but he greatly misunderstood dry erase markers. He'd leave the caps off until they dried out and charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy has a pocket monster... but eric doesn't wanna talk about it
Fact: Randy occasionally acts as the officiator of shotgun weddings. His signature line is when he informs the groom that he may now kiss :shotgun: the bride.
Fact: When he isn't driving them himself, Randy is frequently riding :shotgun: in cars.
Fact: Randy came to battle with House :shotgun: of Pain.
Fact: Randy has gotten dates by asking girls if they :shotgun: like dragons.
Fact: Randy loads his shotgun by shooting it with another shotgun.  He says he does it this way because he has to ":shotgun: Stay Dangerous.”
Fact: Randy has proposed using a shotgun, he got down on one knee and asked "Will you :shotgun: marry me?" He called it getting 12-engauged.
Fact: Randy shoots 8 bucks shot from his 12-gauge shotgun.
Fact: Randy never loads his shotgun with slugs. He prefers snails.
Fact: Randy’s shotgun is sawed off.  You can clearly see that in :shotgun: the picture.
Fact: Randy can hit dead center of a Kordell Stewart rookie card from 1,000 yards away with his shotgun... but he prefers not to. Those things are valuable!
Fact: Randy doesn’t hunt with his shotgun, he finds it too easy.  Nor has he ever hit a deer on the road with his car.  He prefers to drive through the woods to kill his deer.
Fact: Every time Randy throws a dart he hits the bulls eye dead center. I mean he misses the dart board every time, but nearby cattle farmers are getting sick of buying eye patches.
Fact: Randy is a Hollywood stunt double and body double.  Any time they need nipples to point north they give him a call, and this is just too dumb to continue but I’m posting it anyway.
Fact: Bobby is a Hollywood stunt triple.
Fact: Randy loves shooting zombies and letting people know that Tom is a dick.
Fact: Bobby can wedge a TV into a car using nothing but a bottle of hot sauce.
Fact: MacGyver learned everything he knows from Randy, and he thinks Tom is a dick too.
Fact: The hot sauce doesn't actually help anything, but Eric told Bobby it would, so he went along with it.  Now that TV is spicy
Fact: Randy spent like $200 per ticket to go see the band Poison with his friend. His friend cancelled at the last minute and he had to scalp his ticket for $30. Tom is a dick like that.
Fact: One time Randy and Bobby tried to do a live action version of Johnny Cage's shadow kick. Long story short this is the only non-mario kart case where Bobby has kicked Randy's ass.
Fact: Tom is a dick.
Fact: Randy says “Tom is :shotgun: a dick."
Fact: Randy drives slow because he's always on the look out for cars that might be tailing him. He doesn't know why his friend Tom was hired to follow him, but Tom is a private dick.
Fact: Randy is into newer comics like Mars Attacks. Tom is a Dick Tracy fan.
Fact: When Randy refers to multiple people, he just refers to them as "Tom and Harry", because Tom is also a Dick.
Fact: Randy's friend has never taken college level courses on English or speech... but somehow Tom is a diction expert.
Fact: “Tom” is the only word in Randy’s dictionary.
Fact: Randy does not give out Valentines.  He gives out Toms.
Fact: Tom asked Randy to help him whitewash his fence. Randy refused, because Tom’s a dick.
Fact: When Randy gets a physical the doctor grabs his friend Tom and asks him to cough.
Fact: Tom cooks a special tots dish for Randy’s birthday. He calls it "the dictator."
Fact: Randy carry’s around a double barrel sawed off shotgun.  He’s had it since he was a baby.  Calls it his shooty stick,
Fact: Randy is able to saw the end of his shotgun back on.
Fact: Randy CAN use his Cougar Night Moves to get old ladies to pay for him at T-Bones, he just doesn't.
Fact: When Randy lays eyes on Tom, he starts whistling Dixie.
Fact: Rober Palmer's "Addicted to Love" is a rip-off of lyrics from one of Randy's songs: "Might as well face it, you're a dick Tom"
Fact: Randy once threw an alligator through a Wendy’s drive through window at Tom, cause Tom is a dick.
Fact: Tom is such a dick.
Fact: Randy thinks that Tom will name his firstborn “Dixon."
Fact: Tom once dressed as a hot dog for Halloween.  He was both a wiener and a dick at the same time.  Tom is a dick.
Fact: Skee Lo wishes he was a little bit taller, Randy wishes Tom wasn’t such a dick.  Tom is a dick.
Fact: Kim Jong Un is a dictator, Tom is just a dick
Fact: Randy owns Sidney Crosby. He traded him for a Jynx emoji.
Fact: Randy went grocery shopping with Tom once, he laughed when Tom grabbed the potatoes.  He was a dick-tater.  Tom is a dick.
Fact: Randy once went to a costume party with Tom.  Tom didn’t dress up, but Randy dressed as a tionary.  No one knows what the fuck a tionary is, but they somehow understood that Tom is a dick.
Fact: Randy once asked Tom why he is such a dick.  Tom replied, “You are what you eat”.
Fact: Rob Dyrdek’s new show features 30 minutes of Randy slamming a room-sized laptop on Tom’s ankle.
Fact: Randy probably just googled Rob Dyrdek, but he knows that Tom is a dick
Fact: Every time Randy sees Tom in a jacket he whispers to him "your fly is down." Tom doesn't get the joke but Tom is a dick.
Fact: Randy hates MySpace.
Fact: Randy hates the space bar on his keyboard. You can always hear him mashing it furiously. Oh wait, no, that's just Jay typing.
Fact: Tom is a dic...ted to meth amphetamines.
Fact: Randy showed his friend the best porch in all of Carnegie but Tom is a deck connoisseur. He's also kind of a dick.
Fact: He said Tom is a dick, people!
Fact: As a child, Randy was not part of the GATE program, however, he did participate in PORTAL, which was the Program Of Rad Totally Awesome Learning.
Fact: The universe is made up of countless tiny atoms, which means that approximately 75% of everything is a dick.
Fact: In the school play Randy nailed the role of Capt. Ahab. Tom didn't try out for any of the roles, but Tom is a dick anyway.
Fact: Tom is a dick, and ironically a eunuch.
Fact: Tom is a Dick Van Dyke show enthusiast. Randy hates the Dick Van Dyke show!
Fact: Every time a pair of Toms shoes is sold, Randy steals a pair of sneakers from a rich kid. If that rich kid happens to be wearing his only pair of sneakers, you know what else Randy takes.
Fact: Randy is able to joust while riding a mountain lion. Randy has Cougar Knight Moves.
Fact: Randy has his own Terra Cotta army... except they're made out of ginger bread men.
Fact: Soldiers in Randy's ginger bread men army advise each other to "Stay Frosty" when entering a particularly hectic firefight.
Fact: I saw a video of Randy killing a deer with his bear hands. It was horrifying.
Fact: Randy once ate a flea he picked off of a gorillas back. Since then it's been all chicken tenders and ham barbecue.
Fact: Some people believe that there have been occurrences where humans have risen from the dead. Randy does this every morning. He kinda cheats though, he sleeps on a pile of corpses. Sans left feet of course, but I'm not calling him out on it.
Fact: Randy is in the cast of Death House.
Fact: Randy was invited to poker night... but he declined by saying: "Poker? I don't even know if she likes dragons!"
Fact: Randy plays strip poker all the way to the bone.
Fact: Randy can understand Ronnie James Dio lyrics.
Fact: Randy once held his breath for two whole days. He then started the blue man group.
Fact: Nobody ever really quits RandyFacts.
Fact: Randy always likes addition, but only sum times.
Fact: Randy almost had a 3 some once, he just needed 2 more people.
Fact: Randy almost had a threesome once, but the fourth person came back.
Fact: When Randy breaks the fourth wall in movies, it actually permanently damages your television. 
Fact: Double Randy Monday.
Fact: Randy once went on a quest with a sword, a shield, a slingshot, and a boomerang.  He didn’t kill any Octoroks but he did get the milk and eggs he was sent out for free of charge.
Fact: Randy once went out for milk and eggs, he ended up killing some asshole and obtaining the Triforce of Courage.
Fact: The guy sitting next to Randy is also Randy.
Fact: Randy can milk Robert De Niro.
Fact: Randy doesn't have to make up crap facts to pad the numbers to get to a multiple of 5.  He changes how Math works so at all times, the number of Randyfacts is divisible by 5.
Fact: Randy HAS milked Robert De Niro.
Fact: Regardless of Princess Zelda's fondness for the Zora, she doesn't like dragons and Randy refused to save her on his last trip to the grocery store.
Fact: Randy loves Dragons, so he never beat Dodongos Cavern.
Fact: Randy milks Robert De Niro every Tuesday, but he CAN milk him any day.
Fact: Every time Randy plays the original Legend of Zelda, the old man doesn't actually give him anything, because he figures Randy's got this.
Fact: Never drink coffee at Randy’s house.  His half and half is half Robert De Nero milk, half "who cares it’s half Robert De Nero milk?"
Fact: Heat lightning doesn't make a noise because Randy was there and he totally stole its thunder.
Fact: Randy once put out lightning with Robert De Nero milk.
Fact: Bobby has the eye of a tiger... but he's no longer allowed back in the San Diego zoo.
Fact: Randy invented the game Jenga, but his version used left feet and Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Bobby has the heart of a lion... Randy slaughtered a lion with his bear hands and Bobby wanted to keep a souvenir.
Fact: Randy was sent to the principals office in 3rd grade for misreading mache as machete and electing to bring one from home.
Fact: The reason Latin is a dead language is because Randy murdered it.
Fact: Randy can ride a tricycle that only has 2 wheels.
Fact: Randy’s claim to fame in high school track and field was that he jumped over Fonzie.
Fact: His gym teacher gave him an “Aaaaaaaa"
Fact: It's a secret to nobody, because Randy already told everyone.
Fact: Randy invented water resistant water.  It doesn’t get anything wet.
Fact: Randy once made oversized mini muffins.  They were regularly sized.
Fact: Randy invited Betty White to do the ice bucket challenge. It went very well but... Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy once interrupted Shia LaBeouf in the middle of filming a thriller movie. He apologized saying: "Sorry, I didn't mean to disturbia"
Fact: Randy once put Rice Krispies in the crisper drawer in his fridge.  He broke a tooth.
Fact: Randy man, Randy man, he’s the man with the cougar plan. Cougar night?  Mini van, he likes his women older than, 41…… there goes the Randy man.
Fact: Randy usually makes bobby go out for milk and eggs. He's gotten sick of having to hunt down the seven sages every time he goes to the grocery store
Fact: Randy can bend metal with his tongue
Fact: Metal isn't the only thing that Randy can bend with his tongue.
Fact: "Where there's a will, there's a Randy" was recently adopted as the national slogan of The Kingdom of Tonga.
Fact: "That's not physically possible" is something you'll never hear Randy say, unless you claim to care more about Magic than he does.
Fact: Space Jam is actually Randy’s favorite movie.
Fact: Randy once bought a lottery ticket, he didn’t match a single number.  You’d expect me to write that he won the jackpot anyway, but he didn’t.  Randy respects older Pennsylvanians.
Fact: Randy respects older Pennsylvanians but he respects smart ass younger Pennsylvanians about as far as he can throw them... into his wood chipper.
Fact: Felix Baumgartner's historic 2012 jump was actually a re-enactment of Randy's first skydiving venture, which he has since identified as the moment he became inspired to write the song Free Fallin', now credited to Tom Petty.
Fact: In the movie The Postman Tom Petty wears sunglasses to cover up the black eye after Randy beat him senseless for stealing one of his songs... but Randy has never seen the movie.
Fact: Randy enjoys Goldfish crackers much more than Cheez-its.
Fact: Randy actually enjoys Cheez-its more than Goldfish... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy keeps his friends close and his enemies closer, in the form of disembodied trophies hanging from his bloodied battle armor.
Fact: Randy has never needed chap stick.  Most things in this world run away from Randy in fear, moisture is not one of them.
Fact: Randy hates the UK—so much so that he has a chap stick with which he batters any British folk.
Fact: Randy hates the UK, he hates the Circle K, he hates the OK Corral, he even hates Louis CK.  He hates you too, the rest was just a coincidence.
Fact: Strangely enough, Randy actually likes U2.
Fact: Randy found what U2 is looking for, he just keeps it hidden so they keep singing about it.
Fact: Randy would do anything for love, but he wouldn't eat Meatloaf.
Fact: Randy would do anything for love, except eating Meatloaf. However, he would eat sausage.
Fact: Randy would do anything for Meatloaf.
Fact: Randy knows that the recipe for a good meatloaf is to start with Meatloaf.  He would do anything for a good meatloaf dinner, but he won’t do that.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner where he served Meatloaf that contained a bat out of hell.
Fact: To Randy, everything tastes like chicken... and blood. But mostly chicken.
Fact: Most kids can burp their ABC’s.  Randy can’t.  He thinks it’s disgusting.  When Randy sings his ABC’s he puts some feeling into it.  He sings like a god damn angel.
Fact: Randy once got pulled over. When approached by the officer, Randy engaged in a moment of levity, asking the officer, “What does Batman say to Robin before they get in the Batmobile?” After an awkward silence in which the officer’s face phased between puzzled and irate, Randy delivered the punchline: “Get in the car.” A speeding ticket became a felony.
Fact: There’s no use crying over spilled milk, unless you spill Randy’s milk.
Fact: Randy is milked every morning at 5am when he faithfully produces 1 gallon of Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy cries milk.
Fact: Randy is very skilled in martial arts.  In fact.  The great Bruce Lee once said to him “Please stop hitting me"
Fact: Randy once tipped a kid on crutches. He said, “I almost made you fall there; here’s some cash!"
Fact: Randy's martial art is on display at the Louvre.
Fact: Randy can turn water into children crying.
Fact: When Randy does the make the pencil disappear magic trick, the whole table goes with it. 
Fact: When Randy does the make a rabbit disappear magic trick, the whole thing goes, except its left foot. Yknow. Cuz it's lucky.
Fact: Randy listened to Kanye’s new album on iTunes.
Fact: Randy didn't let Kanye finish when he listened to his new album on iTunes, he went back to Patti Labelle about half-way through. 
Fact: Randy had the best album of all time
Fact: When Randy goes through Airport security the metal detector goes off.  It’s because he carries a double barrel shotgun with him.
Fact: He doesn’t even try to conceal it.  He just walks right through airport security toting a double barrel shotgun.
Fact: When Randy goes through airport security, the metal detector goes off. It’s because he has Ozzy’s left foot in his suitcase.
Fact: Randy doesn't have to go through airport security.  He's Randy.
Fact: a
Fact: Randy opened a bowling alley / flu clinic called Pins &amp; Needles.
Fact: Randy's favorite artist is John Cougar Mellencamp.
Fact: When playing chess, John Mellencamp always has Randy move his knights for him.
Fact: Randy and a few of his friends from a small town in Oregon once went on a hike across the countryside to find the dead body of a missing child.  Randy, Wil Wheaton, River Phoenix, Corey Feldman, and Jerry O’Connel undertook the journey to find the body of Ray Brower near the town of Castle Rock, Oregon over Labor Day weekend in 1959.  Randy’s friend Wil Wheaton is a quiet boy with a penchant for writing and telling stories.  His parents were grieving over the recent death of his older brother, and neglected him.  River Phoenix, well, his family were all criminals and alcoholics, so Randy liked them quite a bit.  Corey Feldman, he had this weird scar on his ear, and Jerry O’Connell, he was overweight and was bullied about it quite a bit.  On the way to find the body, the boys encountered a mean junk yard dog, a speeding train, and a swamp full of leaches.  In the end, they find the body of young Ray Brower next to the train tracks, Randy hacked off his left foot, and the boys went home.
Fact: Despite Randy's former adventures in Castle Rock, Oregon... it is very difficult to stand by Randy if he took your left foot.
Fact: When Randy's pile of left footless bodies gets a bit too big, he uses his fire skeleton to cremate the bodies.
Fact: Randy once befriended an eccentric scientist named Emmett Brown.  He built a machine out of a DMC-12 DeLorean that could travel through time.  Unfortunately it required plutonium to function.  The machine needed an incredible amount of power to work properly, 1.21 gigawatts to be exact.  The only other thing that can generate that kind of power, is a bolt of lightning.  Randy once jumped in the car in an effort to escape some Libyan  Nationalists whom had just shot Dr. Brown.  It sent him back in time to 1955 where he accidentally disrupted the past and caused his parents to not meet in the way they originally had.  After many attempts, Randy finally got them to kiss at the Enchantment Under the Sea Dance, harnessed a bolt of lightning and was sent Back to the Future.
Fact: If Randy owned an island, he would name it Islecatraz
Fact: Randy’s neighbor got arrested for calling the cops complaining that Randy’s music was too loud.
Fact: Observers of NASA's last shuttle launch called the cops because Randy's music was too loud. They were promptly arrested and the shuttle program was shut down.
Fact: Randy once ate a magic mushroom.  It made him taller and he could flush himself down the toilet and end up in another house.
Fact: When they made a video game about Randy's life they named him Randy Randy. His brother was also a playable character named Bobby Randy
Fact: Bobby is just a recolor of the Randy sprite.
Fact: Randy played the marimba once.  He kicked ass at it.  Somehow though, Charlie recorded the part when he was just kind of messing around and made it his ringtone.
Fact: Randy liked Burger King better when it was horse meat.
Fact: Randy plays the maracas by strapping C-4 to baby chickens.
Fact: Cuban Pete may be the king of the Rumba beat... but he stole his music style from Randy.
Fact: Randy started the Great Wall of China as a place for him to hang up his framed fortunes that he got out of fortune cookies. China ended up finishing the wall when they realized it was helping keep the Mongolians out.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what coffee was.  He’d walk up to your table, cough in your face, and charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy used to run a dance competition. Everyone that showed up got served, and he charged them 8 bucks. Now Randy owns a diner.
Fact: Randy’s favorite dance move is the moss-covered three-handled family grudunza.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood how to make his food more "diety". Long story short, he ascended.
Fact: The support spreadsheet Randy made looks like shit. Unicorn shit.
Fact: Randy knows what a double rainbow means.
Fact: Randy owns the trademark for "the". He just never sues other companies when they use it. 
Fact: Somewhere near the beginning of the 21st century Randy made friends with a super-advanced computer headed on an exploratory mission into space. NASA sent the ship to further understand a strange black obelisk  floating in space near Jupiter. It would be the farthest and longest space trip for any astronaut so being accompanied by an intelligent computer that could run the mission and be a friend while the humans risked damaging mental and physical ailments from prolonged space travel. All things considered, Randy was a really good influence on HAL, the ship's computer.
Fact: Randy used to have a cell phone, but he greatly misunderstood what an iphone was.  He dragged 3 corpses into an AT&amp;T store, removed their eyes with a spork, and asked for a discount for bringing his own.
Fact: Randy has a magic deck. It doesn't impress the ladies like he would hope.
Fact: Randy has a magic deck. It impresses the ladies he wouldn't hope quite a bit.
Fact: Randy is actually a brain in a tank orbiting mars that projects a placeholder image on earth... He's just really good at jedi mind tricks!
Fact: Randy cried once; then he stopped chopping onions.
Fact: When Randy gets cut, onions cry. Good thing Randy never gets cut. Crying onions would just be weird.
Fact: Randy cries when others eat Funyuns.
Fact: Randy can chop 18 large white onions in a row without crying.
Fact: Despite how "Legit" MC Hammer is, Randy can still quit
Fact: Randy coordinates a speech training program for indoctrinated Pittsburgh citizens called UnYinz. He makes fun of the participants until each one cries out their inner Yinzer.
Fact: Randy is not safe for the fish
Fact: Randy likes to keep his friends close, and his enemies closer… to death.
Fact: E = MC Hammer
Fact: Randy calls a bag of cocaine a skadouchebag.
Fact: Randy calls duct tape duck tape.  Not because he misheard the name once, and is sticking to his guns like the rest of the world no.  Randy calls it duck tape, because if you see that he has a roll….. Your ass better duck down an ally way or you’ll end up in the trunk of his car missing a foot… a left foot.
Fact: Bruce Springsteen may be "The Boss", but he's still below Randy on the org chart.
Fact: The TV show lost is a retelling of the time that Charlie lost his phone. He had someone call it and the shock wave produced killed a bunch of people and made them have a lucid dream about survival. This has nothing to do with Randy, but I think it's important to note that he's never seen it.
Fact: Randy descended a mountain using just bug spray and magnets.
Fact: Randy descended a mountain using just bug spray and hair nets.
Fact: Randy descended a mountain with a Mississippi queen.
Fact: When Randy cannot descend the mountain, then the mountain must descend Randy.
Fact: If Randy gives a mouse a cookie. It's satisfied and can die happy.
Fact: Randy bought some Goo Gone, but there was still Goo.
Fact: Randy can pop grapes out of his belly button like a motherfucker.
Fact: Randy can pop Johnny Depp out of his belly button.
Fact: The thrust to weight ratio of Randy's mom makes for an excellent rocket.
Fact: Leonardo DeCaprio stood on the balcony of Randy's belly button and shouted: "Randy's the king of the world!". Leo know's whose in charge.
Fact: Randy is in an old time jug band.  He doesn’t play an instrument though.  Someone just blows across his belly button instead of using a jug.
Fact: When you stare into Randy's belly button, it also stares into you.
Fact: There’s really no jug on earth that can sound like Randy’s belly button when blown across.
Fact: Leonardo DeCaprio and Randy were found in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie and Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: It doesn’t even sound like a jug.  It just sounds like Randy laughing cause it tickles him.
Fact: Randy’s jug band kinda sucks.
Fact: Bobby is also in the jug band. Bobby has washboard abs.
Fact: Those aren't abs, they're ribs
Fact: Correction. Randy's jug band blows. It's hard to get music from a jug without blowing.
Fact: Leonardo DiCaprio broke Randy's jug after a performance by Randy's All-star Jug Band.  It made Bobby cry.
Fact: Randy has never beaten Bobby at Smash bros. but Randy did make Bobby Brown stay away from Whitney.
Fact: Randy never lies about his penis. That’d be a phallicy.
Fact: Randy never lies about his domestic cock; that’d be a fowlacy.
Fact: Randy never lies about his lingerie; that'd be a fallacey.
Fact: When Randy pulls out his cockney accent we all duck.
Fact: Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked Randy, so Randy squarehouse kicked him back.  Chuck Norris hasn’t been relevant since.
Fact: During the Viking Age, Randy performed longhouse kicks during combat.
Fact: Randy did a Tee Pee kick one time.  He was drinking Earl Grey, he ninja kicked a golfer in the face, then peed his signature on the grass.
Fact: Randy did a wigwam kick one time. He was listening to George Michael while dressed up as George Washington.
Fact: Randy did a yurt kick one time. He kicked an original ganster out of his seat and stole his yogurt in the same motion.
Fact: Rͯ̊̎̿ͤ̓̈̓ͨͥͮͣ̍̆ͭͨ̃̽ͤ́͘͏͔̦̜͈͈̲̩̪͕͖̲̥͔ͅạ̵̪͚̜̹ͮ̃͋̅͑͛́̔̀͒ͮ̄̌̄ͥ͡͝͝n̵̢ͩ͑̏̓҉̨̖̠̺̪͉̪̝̜͕̙̦̦̻͇̝̹͉͔ḑ̵͇̜̰͕̬̖͉̮̻̜͙̬̙͇͈ͯͤͮ͋̃ͬ̄̉ͣ͗̂̇ͬ̎͋͗̈́͆͐͢ͅͅỹ̛̩̺͓͙̮̩͖͉̻͈̖̦̰̬̻͈͖̭̓͊ͮ͟ ̆̆̂̀ͮͪ̓̿͐͐̏̚͘͏̦̼̪̯͓̜̭̲ṛ̻̟̗̪̝̼̯͔̹ͮ͂̈́ͯ̒̾͡i̧̢̞̭̗͎ͬ̋̇̃ͪ̇͑̒̓̉̔ͬͭͩ̊ͪ̚͟͡͡s̶̢̨̮̪̠̪͔͖͍̞͎̠͇̗̜ͨ̒ͨ̈̓e̷̢̢͉̮͓̮̳̫͓̭ͩͭ̋ͯ͊ͫ͜͠s̢͈̯̼̰̝͈͍̠͎͌ͩͫ͛̔̊̓͆̽́̇̇ͥ̈ͭ͂̉ͣ͘ ̵͍̝̣̼̩̬͇̩̲̱̍͋̈ͭ̈̀͑͂͗̂̕f̽̾̆͜͞҉̛̦̦̙͖̪̟́r̸̰̳̙͔͈̱̞̠̭̭͈̣̈́ͣͧ̅̄͊̿ͤͮ̅ͬ͑ͯ̽̍͑͘͞͡o͓͓̫̹͙ͦͬͩ̉ͫ̓̌ͦ̒̒͒ͨͩͭ̑̅̔͋̓͜͜͡͠m͂ͬͦ̈́͒ͮ̾̕҉̡̝̰̝̱͘͟ ̩̖͍̫̮̺͕̦͍͚̱̙̰̰̭̞̳̩̗ͪ͋̓̆̋́͠t̨̧̙̩͕̲͙̲̼͕̩ͪ̍̏̽̇̎̎̈̊͌͆͂͗͟͠͝ḫ̷̰̺͓͎͓̲̪̫̟͙͉̮̠͎͇͇͙̐̇͒͐̑̇͋͒̀ͅe̵̟̟͓̗̼̤ͬ̅ͦͩ̑ͧͬͬ̑͋̅̈́ͣ̋̿ͮ̓́͢ ͐̔͛̑͏̷̨̟̜̰̱̟v̷̟͇̥͉͍͍̜̣͇̭ͯͨ͆̿̅̓ͥ̋́͘͢o̷̷̡͉͙͍̱̥̖̫̦͚͕̜͔̝̓͐̀̊ͪͧ̾ͦ̓̿͗̐́̚i̵̧̛͔̤̯̗͕̯̫͕ͣ̏̌̒͆͑͒d̵̶̢̨̛̬̖̣͚̥̠͚̟̗͓̯̝ͮ̌͂͂ͥͫͨ ̶ͣ̉̑̂ͣ͆ͩ͌̄̐̃̐ͮ̾͏̥̩͚͍̱̻ą̤̤̥͉̯̱̝̯͍̪̬̻͚̼̮̽ͫ́̓̌̄͜͡͝ͅň̵͔͎̝͕̫̹̮ͤ͗ͯͯ̅͌͒̓ͤ̆͗̍́̀͜͟d̵̸̫̩̻̯̝̻̥̏̈́̓̀̆̇̌̄ͥ̃ͣ̈́͞ ̸̸̭̺̞̪̪̟̺͓̺͊ͪͣ̒ͣ̓̓́ͣͮ̊ͩ͘ȋ̷̢̱͍̺̤ͪ͆̓ͭͪͫ̾ͧ́̀͞n̸̶͕̹̻̪͈̖̜͚̣͍̺̲̳̓̆̓͊̆͆ͪ̃ ̷̡̱͉͙͔̌ͥ͐̍͛̐͌ͪͤ͑̌̿ͦ̌̂ͯ͌ͮ͜͡͝h̶̨̬̪̥̦͈͉̱̱̘͈̬͉̮͕̗̠̓̅ͩ̀̎̑͊̄ͫ͆̉̎͑̀̚͟ï̡̡̛͚̠̤̦̲͔͍̣̝̩͇͇̙̔͋͒̇̅̃̿ͯ͜͡s̡͎͎̩͎̲̝͑̓͂͐̋̓̇͐̔͗̔ͮ̽͒̎͌̂ͣ͘͡ ̵̨̢̼̝̩̗͎̐͛ͪ͆ͦ͆ͮͩͨ̍̈́ͥͣ̆̾͑ͪ͌͘p̶̛̱̱͓̪̬͍̺̦̞̻̬̪̺͇̤̔ͥ͒͆͂ͬ́̒ͩ͟͞a̳̥̭̙͍̘͚̭͚͇̦͔̮͚̖͙̠͒̉ͩ͑̔̍̍̋ͧ̓͘͢t̷̵̸̬͚̙̯̬̙̀̌̏̔̿ͪ͌̉̾̾ͪ́ͩ͋ͫ̚͢͠h̶ͤ̎͑̅̓ͥ͛̏͆͛̉ͤ̆̀͟͝͏̜͎̟̠̞̩̹̲̻̯̣̰͍ͅ ̢̹̖͍̞͚̻͙̟̣̗͕̣̀̄ͨ͌ͮ̇̇̓͊̈́̇̒̾͂̽̈́͗́̚̚͡l̴ͯ͛̅̑ͩ͟͡͏̸̺̺̪͕͖̩̜̣̦̰̠̙ĭͬ̋̇̈̌̊̅̉ͪ͋͜͏̹̠̹̹̲̭e̼̠̥̯̯͇͉̦̗͙̙̦̟̞͎͒̑́ͥ̑̏̓̽̑͌͗̈̾͞͞sͥ̉ͧ̒ͫ҉̢̢̖̘̱̤̪̠͈̙̼̻̰̲͝ ̶̴̓̉̿̈́̒ͯ̾̕͡͏͇͓̩͉̯̤̩̟͇̹̣n̡̈ͯ̄̇ͬͥͥ̊ͥ͏̸̴̛̮̟̳̩̦̝͔̺͎̺͇o̶̻̮̲̦̖̱̮̲̦̫͕͕̳̩̦̻̳ͮ̅̏ͥ͜͡t͇̤͕̮͔͍͕͕̥̗̹̤̘͂ͬͣ̉̔̓̌̊̕͠h̵̪̫̥͖̬̤̮͍̠̬̞̮̬͍̬̩̻̮͚̊͌̾͌ͯ̿̇ͪ̈͠i̷̛͖̦̰̼̙̪̜̞̤͍̞̥̳̬͚̜͊̆ͩ̓̕n͎̝̺̦̩̻̗̮̫͙̻̠͎͍̭͇̤͊ͫ̑̂̈͒̿̔̉ͪ̄͆̚͝ͅg̷̡̨̧̣̫͍̺͈̼̬̟͍͈̊ͫ̎́ͥ̂̆͆̌ͧ̎ͩͪ̈́̊̕ ̮͇̟̈̑̋͆̀͜b͑̄ͧ̇̏̓̒̈́́̚͏̷̶̵̤̠̮͇̭̞̩̬̱͙̜̤ͅų͈̟͔̙̻̙̄̿̿ͥ̓̑̾̅̊̏̅ͯ͌̓̎ͪͩ́͝͝t̨̋͑ͫ̒͂̀͛̋͗̎̈́͐̃̀͐ͫ̌̎̄͟͡͏̜͓͙̣̼͙͓̹̝̻͉ ̡̑͆ͥ͐͒̄̉ͤͪ͗͌̾̋͘͏͇̝̮̰̤͚̙͇ḑ͙̩̤͍̠̯͖͐̀̃̈̚͘͜͢͡ę͚͖̖̼̘̪͕͔̜̓͒ͭ͑̎̔ͪ͋̆̈́̑̋̐́̊͟͜͝͝s̤̱͉͖̖̪̔̾̇͌̚̕t̡͉̰̻̳͚̲͖̜̺̙͕̣͙̀ͦͨͧ̊̑̉ͬ̿͊ͨ͗͋̾́̚̕͜ͅͅr̷̠̤̯̱̤͚̭͉̱͕͇̙̰̈́̽ͧͥ͗͗̅̃̆̑u͆͋ͥ͐̍̒̈́̿̋͂̿͑͊͊́҉̢̣̬̤͚͇͓͕̦̙͈͉̖̝̯͇̳͜͟ͅc̶̶̶̡̬̝̮͍̼͙̦̟̯̖̙̖̘̘̻͚̄͑͑̉̏ͦ͊ͭ͆͠t̸̛̟̤͚͓͕̯͍̟ͪ̊͗͒̕ͅͅǐ̵̡̧̥͙͉͚̤͇̳̭͕̺̹̜̤̾̿͛͘ŏ̷̜̙̭̤̘̗̣̝̲̼̼̹̪͇̼͍̝̝̰̓͊͌͋ͬ̆̏̃̐ͩ͛n̴̢͙͖̗̻̗̬͚͓̱̝̳͉̗̪̟͆͌͑̉ͧͫ̿͛̄̇ͪ̓ͧ́̽̂͐͋̎́͢ͅ.͉͓̲̻͈̟̬̯̤̽̾ͪͥ͋́́ͅͅ
Fact: Randy got sick of us writing bullshit facts about him, so he broke slack.
Fact: Randy once used his Kordell Stewart Rookie Card as a credit card.  He slid it through the slot, grabbed his merchandise and charged the store 8 bucks.
Fact: C̷̺̩͈̹͕̘̬͌ͤ̊̀ͅo̝̰͓̞͈͖̍͗̈́̽͑̀͘r̠̖͔̲̭̔̄̇̔ͩ̈́ͅͅr̞̗̔͐e̴̬͓͔̹̻̝̖̔̾͒͘ͅc̜̝͕͖̍̆ͫͧͦͪt̺̜͖̩͙̎ͣͬ̓̆̈į̧͍̪͍̯̹̄̔̂̓͑̄͋͌ò̠͉͖̘́n̦̬̼̰̟͙ͬ̌͋̈́̏ͧͭ!̨̝̼͊̄̈͒ͦͣ̄ͪ ̻͍͎̳̣̞̦͒̍͞ͅR̟̦͐ͪ̀ą̣̯͉̇͒̉͑̃̏ͦ̚ͅn̛̠̦̜̠͕̎̆ͯ̓ͩͅd̺̥̰̼̊̀͆͑̈́ͪ̚ͅy͖̦̻̱̹̯̣̯̮͂͛͊̀́ ̭͖̮̗̪̖̾ͦ̽̾̋̚̚͢í̧̖̗̠͕̥̼͇͔̪̎̾ͦͣ̉ͪ́͡s̡͖̦̝͒ͣ ̶̩̼͚͙͈̖̼̥ͭ̊̀̚t̠̼͚̬̠͐͌̽̋̊ͬh̤̩̞͒͒͗͊̆͗̚͘͡e̫͇̣̖͔͔͉̘͎̍̋́ͦ́̓̓ͭ̋̕ ̢̻̩̈̆͆ͮ̏s̤̪̗͇͉̻͓̆̏ͣ̿ͩ͆ͣͨ̕͢ͅò̠̳̤̳̳͗͢ũ̴̜̺͕͒̄̄̈̑̒̾r̛̙̭̙͖̹̲̱̰͑͒̈́͟ċ̴̨̬̟̩̯̭̳̑̓̉͛ͧ̈́̽e̵̹̜̥̥̠͇̔̓̐ͪͧͪ̈͒ͦ ̡̨̛̜̗̝͚̻͖̏ͧ̃͋́̓̾ͅo̠̪̹̥̳̝͓̼̥͆ͫͤ̉͒̍fͧ̇ͬ̋̓͟҉̷̫̯̘ ̜̣̲̳̺̗͚͗̽̈́̿̾̎͑́ẗ́͏̵̳͘ͅh̨͖̮̦̭̤̥͑e̫̼͈̠̝̭̩̊͐͟ ̨̼̣̣͚̈́͐̕͞m̵̬̭̗̼̳͉͚̘ͨ͡a̫̭̻̗̱̓͢ͅd̮̖̭͚͖̫̦͆̍̽͘n̸͕̥̻̩͎͑ͩ̑̃ͣ̐̽͟e̷̻̦̦̫̦̊͜͡s̴̛̥̹͎͆̽͒̂ͬ̂̌̂͊̕s̻̙̊̓̔̋̌͑́ ̷͚̽̀ţ̴̷͇̲͕̝̹͚͇̿͋̇̇h̸̸̨̜ͬͤa̵͙̩̭̠͖̫͖̪ͥ͂ͭ̃̇̂́t̶̨̧̞̍̓̆ ̷̡̢͖̳̺̹̺̰̝̣̖ͫͦ͐̅ͭ͗̌͊̐ţ̢̭̬̯͈͍̮͍̓̇̐ͯ̃̃͊ͪ͜e̫̘̬̝̬̠̠ͪ̏ͪ́̌̍̐ͥ̆͡͝a̡̩͍͕̗̞̯͓͆͋ͫ̊ͩ̋r̩̤ͫ̿ͪ͒ͤ̍̍̚͢s̜͙̘͚̞͌͂̄ͥ͛ͫ̚̚͢͠ ̸̼̞̍̓ȃ̮̩͓̮̱ͥw̻̤̜̘͉͚̓̇̒ͯ͋̇ͭ̊̈͠a̖͖̤͉̟͐ͭ̌̐̓ÿ̸͙̭̥͙͙̘ͩ̎̚ ̵͖͙̰̤̪̤͙̋̅̋͋̅ͩ̈́͘͢a̴̛̱̜ͧ̽̈̉͑t̷͖͖̬̻̭͋ͯ ̖̾ͫ̽͌̊ͧͦ̈́ͬ́t̨̞͇͖̰̲̲̙ͣ̀͘ͅh̼̝̗̱͙̳̯̒̏ͭͥͯ̀͟͠ĕ̻̻̮ͬ̐͐ͬͨ̐̾ ̞̙̘̥͔̯̭̯͎̃̌̾ͭ̒ͩͮf͙͛̃ͫ͗a̸͉͇̰̭̽̋͆ͬ͐ͯͭ̀b̴͕ͦͯ͗r̗̫͚͓̟̎̐͠i̮̮̠̜ͣ̊̇̐̀ͫͩ̀ͅc̫̼͙̊ͦ̚͜ͅ ̸̖͎̠͎̪̋̌̊̋̈̌͋ͯͤő̡̙̘̪̲͙̟̯͚̝ͪͦ͜f̛̠̲͉̤̻͆ͮ̔́̚̚ͅ ̸͌҉̢̫͇͇̲̩͍͚͈r̞̬̭̬͔ͫ̊͆ͩ̓ͣe̝̘̗̫̳͚ͦ̒̂̍̈͢a̵̝͍̮̖̪͑̇̏͛ͨ͛͘l̛͕̳̝̜̟̙̗̬̈́ͩ̽ĭ̛̦̥̹̗ͣͩ̔̒ͧ̅͝ͅͅẗ̢͑ͮ̂̓̀͋̚͞͏̣͎͕̬͍̳y͚̝̝̹ͩ͆̚͘͝.̝̖̆ͧ͛̚͠ ̩̖͛͌P̷̷̢͚̣͉̘̪̬̉̊͆̍ǫ̵̷͓̘̫͌̓̾ͣ̿̐ͦl̞͉̟̲̹͕̭̣͈͂̈́̇͐̅͡y̗̱͎ͧ̔̈́e̡͂҉̙̗̬̞͉̗s̉ͨ͡͏͚̟͎̦̻̱̺ẗ̵̸͍̼͓̰̝̥̐̽͛ͭ̏ͭ͂e̖͉̬̤̮̻͕̦͗͒r̤͚̻͈̺͍͓̓̑ͬ ̑̇ͩͬͥ̑ͨ̚҉̢̦͈̥͕̟͙̠̀i̵̢͕̣ͧ͊̍̾͢s̞̜̻̭̱̆̃̀ͦ͜ ͙̩̯͙̜̾͋͠t̢̩̮̆̇̔͑ͬ̎͝h̸̡̖̤̥͈̮͚̐̎̆͗̏ͥͥ̆e̛͚͍̳̼̤̮ͣ̿ͣ̆̽̾ͥ̅̕ ̶̪̼͇̭̫̪̿̈͠m͔̱̦̩̳̰̟̟͋̓ͯ̄̂̚͟o̻̝̾̇̆͘͠s̯͕̝̾̄ͨ̀̚ṯ̴̬̰̻̮ͬ̓̓͢ ̼̟͚͖̙͑̏͊̇v̑̄̏҉̰̫͕u̵̮̫̲͎̰ͧ̇͑͘͟l̛̪̣̪͖̻͍̔̔̚͟n̶̵̞͙͔̖͔͇̻̫͑͐́e̷͙͍̮̪͉̙ͨ̈́̿̈́ͅr̝̯̟̯ͦͯ̏a̜͚͖̘̟̱̣͖ͪ̐͞b̵̙̱̭̮̗̱̱͗̉͋̿͋́ͪ͐l͕̟̭̜͉̽ͤ̌ͅé̡̻̼͓̟̩̣ͧ̈́̑͘ͅ ͍̞͇̬̥̙̀͗̊ͮ̽̈́ͦ͑͝ͅḇ̭̹͍̼͕̎ͤ̑̐͋̃̚͝͡u̘͉͉̹͕̙̞̒̓̉̀͊̾̌̈́̈́́ẗ̷̢̰̪͈̱̬̻́̾̒̓̀ͅ ͔̰͈̺̤͔̳̑̍̔̆ͮ͛͌w͔̦̰̖̟̞͔̿͑̋̈̐̓ͯ̋͘͜ŏ̓̌͐̏̉̚҉̴̗̬͙̞̹̰̖́o̱̻ͤ̓̈́ļ̝͎̦̙̋̏̂̉̆̀͞ ̯͇̻̠ͨ͛ͣ̅̔̃́͡a̛̠̮̫̘͎̎̇n̲̩̲ͦͭͤd̨̡̺̗̆̀̔ ̴͉̟͎̰ͤͤ͜p̶̧͇̳̹̼͔̬͉͎̲ͤ̅̃ͩͦͬͥ̊͝ḽ̪̭͍̐͂͞ě̙̞̜͕͕͎̇̿̔̈́̆̀̚ͅả̸̖̣̟̤̱̙̪̾̿ͮͮͮ͜t̠̙̬̫̙͔͇̤͛̎̿̓ͣḣ̢͇͓̤̈́̅̎̆̔e̢̗̩̋̌̈́͟r̳͙͖̫̪̭͆̓̔̐͗̇̄ͮ̑̕ͅ ̸̦̬ͦ́͞h̯̻̥͔͙̑̔̊͗̋͝á̺͔͔̠͌̅̀͢v̝̮̤̬̣ͣ̑̈́ͩ͞ͅe̢̨̛͔̱̱̠ͥ̆͌̐̚ ̳͕ͩͥ̂̂̎̑̽ͥ̀b̴͔͔ͤͯ͌̒̐͜e͋͊҉̜̤͇͉̺ͅe̮͈͈̮̳͚̦̓́̀ͨn̦ͥͩ̎̓͘͝ ̼̠͍̙͚̰̘̒̈ͪͥ͟k͐́̋ͤͫ͏̶͉̘͔̟̭͘ņ͑̒ͩ̃͏̹̝͇͖̬ͅó̩̬̹̼̜̙̝͐̔̿̀̕͡ͅẃ̶̹̬͓̤̠͙̻͚͗ͧ̒̕͞n̷̛̹̼͉͚ͣ͆̎͛ ̸̤͎̫̍̉͆͝t͛̓̉̉͐͏̞̭̺̥͓̻͚͎ơ͇̲͍̞̟̇͋ ̤̮̻̜͗̄̓͝͡c͖̤̲̰̖̣̼͉ͦͫ̓̇ͪ̏̈́͛̚r̞̟̭̘̜̈̑ͧͨͬ́̇̂̚͝a̯̬͔̗̳̩ͮ͑ͩ̊̃ͅc̛̝̣̞̦̯̭̩̭̀͌ͬ̉ͯͮ͋̆͌k̂̈̒ͮ͂̋͏͖͓̬̬̤ ̴̵ͯͫ̊ͫ̍̾͏͈͈̜̱̠s̛̮͈̙̋͆͟͡l̅̍́̄̎ͮ̈̊͋҉͍̜̜i̟͎͉̮͚̪̫̓͊͟ͅg̨̘͉̞̗͉̱̀̃ͫͥh͐͊͛̓̑͏́҉̮̩̝̱ţ̴͖̰̟̯̝̗̮͗̂́̾̐͌ͬ͜l̷͈̻̟͖̞̙̞̱̂̿ͫ͘͠y͖ͩͦͬ̉̇͘͟.͈̼͎̲̯̖̦̽̿ͪ͐͢͡
̸͚̘ͭͩ̀
Fact: There are only 2 Randy's left in the world, but they still are above everything else on the endangered list. 
Fact: Randy’s prayers are imperative.
Fact: Randy's insulation is featured on the Spray Foam King's twitter page. Tell them Bobby sent you and you'll get a 10% discount!
Fact: It takes two people to make a Randy... but eric doesn't wanna talk about it.
Fact: Most people think that the Bruce Springsteen song Glory Days is about missing the past. It's actually about Cougars looking forward to spending time with Randy. Don't feel bad. It's normal to misunderstand the lyrics.
Fact: Absolutely every Dio song ever is a metaphor about Randy.
Fact: Randy has re-written history, both with, and without the use of the Force.
Fact: Randy stores unicorns in Jaybags.
Fact: Randy won’t write you a love song because you asked for it, but he will write you a death song for funsies.
Fact: Randy won't write you a love song because you asked for it, but he will write you one because you deserve it.
Fact: Randy wrote a girl a love song once.  I heard him play it for a girl once.  He sang something about how he loved collecting left feet, I stopped listening shortly after that cause idk, I’m not into the whole screamo style of music.  But damn, Randy’s good at it.
Fact: No, that screaming coming from Randy’s basement is nothing to worry about. Stop asking.
Fact: Randy often whips out a guitar and accompanies the death cries of his foes with a totally righteous riff.
Fact: Randy did the whistling belly button trick at the high school talent show.
Fact: Randy only ever brings a knife to a gunfight. He’s undefeated, obviously.
Fact: To date, Randy has hustled 457 games of Russian Roulette.
Fact: Randy has an intense love for getting even.
Fact: Randy hates being at odds.
Fact: Randy has a love hate relationship with things that are opposite from one another.
Fact: Randy beat the shit out of polar bears and penguins, just because of where they live.
Fact: Randy doesn’t understand how he hears all these stories of people laughing so hard that milk comes out their nose.  That’s not where milk comes from.
Fact: Randy tells jokes that make people laugh so hard that their brain comes out of their nose and they die. This incites a little chuckle from Randy, but to tell you the truth, he didn't find the joke all that funny to begin with.
Fact: One of Randy’s pet peeves is the mispronunciation of the word “nuclear”. The GW Bush years were a pretty rough time for him.
Fact: Randy put a hit out on Donald Trump because he doesn't like the way he says fill-um (film).
Fact: Randy has a life sized poster of David Schwimmer wearing Daisy Duke shorts.  It’s clearly photoshopped, but that didn’t stop him from hanging it up in his room.
Fact: Randy is voting for Hillary just do he can see Bill Clinton in a dress as the new first lady. :randyjenner:
Fact: Randy put a hit out on Carl Sagan because he doesn't like the way he said "Uranus". I mean, sure he doesn't mind hearing "urine-us" but to him every pronunciation of the word "urine" is "Randy."
Fact: Randy was once thrown out of a bar for being too intoxicating.  You read that right.  It was cougar night.
Fact: Randy has doppler radar in his nipples, but it can only predict storms coming from the north.
Fact: Randy has doppler radar in his nipples, but it can't predict anything coming from his left side.  That's where he keeps his left foot collection.
Fact: Randy misses Travis, but he doesn't aim too hard.
Fact: Randy's nipples can sense danger on his left side, but only when trouble is a foot.
Fact: Some asshole stole Cthulhu’s pet spider crab, and Randy is going to bring that shit back.
Fact: In the year 4972, Randy sailed the ocean blue, on a cyber-galleon driven by robo-sharks.
Fact: In the year 4973, Randy saved both you and me. For like the fiftieth time. He’s pretty sick of our shit by now.
Fact: None of the Randyfacts are actually funny... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks
Fact: Randy used to own a diner where he would serve hot potato salad.  No one ever ordered it, but he’d serve it anyway.
Fact: Randy has never made it to 3rd base. He prefers cricket. He's kinda popular with Indian girls.
Fact: Randy does not chew bubblegum.  He only kicks ass! :duke:
Fact: Black holes are just Randy's version of spring cleaning.
Fact: Religious people believe the earth is 6,430 years old.  Randy is almost 5,000 years old.  Randy, sadly, is not Adam, nor Eve.  So close...
Fact: Randy makes a mean forbidden-fruit cobbler.
Fact: Randy was really excited about releasing his new line of high heel shoes. In fact you could say he was really pumped!
Fact: In 4,982 years, Randy has managed to survive a big flood, build Rome in a day, and exorcize the necromancer in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie, ALL using Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: There's a Spanish speaking developer that keeps going through Randy's loops and making them execute an extra iteration. Randy has an off by Juan error.
Fact: Randy found out what respect means to Aretha Franklin, but Eric doesn't want to talk about it. 
Fact: When life hands Randy humans, he makes humanade. 
Fact: Some people don't know their own strength. Randy doesn't know his own charisma. He'll ask for help finding something in a grocery store and end up with a henchman for life.
Fact: Some people don't know their own strength. Randy doesn't know his own intelligence. One time he got up in front of the class to recite a poem he'd written and ended up casting a 9th level wizard spell. Everyone was amazed, good thing too because the poem sucked.
Fact: Some people don't know their own strength. Randy doesn't know his own wisdom. One time somebody sneezed, when he told them "Bless you" they were surrounded by a radiant white light and received protection from evil for 3d6 rounds.
Fact: Some people don't know their own strength. Randy doesn't know his own constitution. He donated blood one time and the blood bank had to call in for back up because he filled every container they had. 
Fact: Randy is great at a lot of things. Poetry is not one of them. His latest poem goes something like this: Roses are red, Woodchippers are deadly, I'll cut off your left foot and bury you in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Randy once decapitated a man, stole a snow truck from the city and plowed a head.
Fact: Randy inspired Dr. Suess, but the book used to read, One fish, Two fish, Dead fish, New fish.
Fact: Randy can chop down your family tree with his lore axe.
Fact: Randy can kill you with his axe of kindness.
Fact: Randy stole the devil’s hatchet. His axe is of evil.
Fact: One time Randy was going to bury the hatchet, but he chickened out.
Fact: Randy will murder a child if the 5000st randyfact is shitty.
Fact: Randy hates Leroy Jenkins.
Fact: LEEEEEEEEEEEROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOY JEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEENNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNKIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Fact: This is Randy’s world. We’re all just living in it. <http://googIe.com/search?q=randy>
Fact: Fixed that for you.
Fact: Randy has a bone to pick with you.  He uncovered a velociraptor in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Randy once murdered a man with a jai alai racket and a cotton ball. Took his head clean off.
Fact: Randy once murdered a man with a jai alai racket and a cotton ball, just to watch him die.
Fact: Randy once murdered a man with a racket. People as far as 1000 miles away were knocked unconscious by the sonic force.
Fact: Randy thought that the shortest distance between two points is a straight line.  He discovered it wasn't when he ended up space sick over Dubai.  Donald Trump banned Randy as his navigator.
Fact: Randy nicknamed his moms boyfriend the pinata, mostly because he spins around 3 times and hits him with a stick every time he sees him.
Fact: Most people are born with only one left foot. Randy was born with two and his collection keeps growing.
Fact: When Randy does a reality check, sometimes it's also a rain check.
Fact: Randy did a reality check and rolled a 20... then the universe was born.
Fact: Randy does not roll for initiative, he just attacks whenever he feels like it.
Fact: Randy's disco performances disprove the old adage that dancing with two left feet means being a bad dancer.
Fact: Randy used to have a dog walking service. He’d charge people 8 bucks and then whip out his yo-yo.
Fact: Randy can and has shot the moon. His yo-yo is stuck up there. You can’t see it though. It’s on the side that doesn’t face earth.
Fact: Randy's gone around the world in 80 days. For Randy, mastering the time space continuum in order to slow down the yo-yo was the easy part.
Fact: Randy dates older women. Randy carbon dates even older women.
Fact: Randy carbon dated the first cougar.
Fact: Randy's got saber tooth tiger night moves.
Fact: Randy used to carbon date saber tooth tigers until one cheated on him. Coincidentally saber tooth tigers are now extinct.
Fact: Randy can pick up his phone whenever he likes and be talking to exactly whoever he means to be on the other line, without dialing.
Fact: Randy thinks he can dial a phone telekinetically, when really he’s just talking to the voices in his head.
Fact: The phone is just for show, Randy can read your mind if he wanted to
Fact: Randy doesn't speak. He actually acts out all of the emotions that he wants you to feel... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mime tricks.
Fact: Randy can pick up his phone whenever he likes and be talking to exactly whoever he means to be on the other line, but he can only mean for Batman to be on the other line.
Fact: When Randy rekindles an old flame... the flame is a bit older than most.
Fact: When Randy has a pity party, it's also a Patti party, and it's always a total blast.
Fact: Randy answers phone calls at work with "OpenArc, this is Randy. What are you wearing?"
Fact: Randy answers phone calls at home with "This is Randy, do you like dragons?" If they answer no, he hangs up on them.
Fact: Sausagedragon.
Fact: Randy has a room in his house where all of his dragon friends keep their tails. Surprisingly, Eric isn't all that worried about talking about it.
Fact: Any time Randy "works from home" he just starts up a new company that does better than the one he didn't come in to work for that day.
Fact: Randy has a coat of arms. He hangs it up in the arm room.
Fact: Randy has a coat of Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement. He hangs it up in the room that used to leak.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, however he greatly misunderstood what leek soup was. He'd dip an onion in Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement and charge you $8.
Fact: Randy doesn't cry when he cuts onions because his eyes are coated in Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy didn't cry when an onion cut in front of him in line... He invented onion rings.
Fact: Eric hasn't started a new Randyfact meme in a little while but if he did it would have something to do with Randy battling tooth decay with a flamethrower.
Fact: Eric hasn't started a new Randyfact meme in a little while but if he did it would have something to do with him adopting a new racing Llama named Dolly.
Fact: Eric hasn't started a new Randyfact meme in a little while but if he did it would have something to do with a toothpick, a ball of yarn, 13 blind ferrets, a yo-yo, some shaving cream, and he wouldn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Eric hasn't started a new Randyfact meme in a little while but if he did it would have something to do with Randy and Bobby fighting over a tricycle and accidentally inventing both the unicycle and bicycle at the same time.
Fact: Reports that Freddy Krueger has joined Randy’s ginger army are not, in fact, exaggerations. Prepare to have your nightmares invaded.
Fact: Eric hasn't started a new Randyfact meme in a little while but if he did it would have something to do with Pete and his failure at creating his own original Randyfact meme.
Fact: Eric hasn't started a new Randyfact meme in a little while but if he did it would have something to do with a 13 round title bout with the stay puft marshmallow man.
Fact: Eric hasn't started a new Randyfact meme in a little while but if he did it would have something to do with buying scratch off tickets for the elderly and using the winnings to buy a snow plow.
Fact: As a party trick, Randy once delivered a baby using the Heimlich maneuver.
Fact: Randy has done dirtier jobs than Mike Rowe, but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy has an ear piece that he uses to make phone calls. Using a whole ear is just uncomfortable.
Fact: Randy's rendition of the play Julius Caesar starts with the line "Friends, Romans, countrymen, lend me your ears... I need to make a phone call."
Fact: Randy has been known to maul cougars.
Fact: In response to a Craig's List ad, Randy had a date. She arrived in a Mercury Cougar; he still hasn't found what he's looking for.
Fact: Originally the Internet was ALL porn, until one day Randy uploaded his collection of cougar videos and the rest of the world quickly saw the potential. Ever since, the Internet has been equal parts porn and cat videos.
Fact: Eric hasn't started a new Randyfact meme in a little while but if he did it would have something to do with having a pet pistachio and trying to pass it off as an iguana.
Fact: Randystrap. :eric_doesnt_wanna_talk_about_it: 
Fact: With the rise of the electronic signature... Randy sure goes through a lot of computer keyboards.
Fact: Every time Randy sneezes, he receives the Pope's blessing.
Fact: Randy often takes a detour through Cleveland when he drives to the store.
Fact: McDonalds once tried to serve Randy fast food and he said: "Woah! Slow down there!"
Fact: Randy used to own a diner where he misunderstood the term, "fast food."  He could never figure out how to overcome the speed of light on 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy went to his cousin's house for Christmas. He arrived just in time for Easter Sunday.
Fact: Randy is so slow, he sinks in _regular_ sand.
Fact: When Randy orders a speedy gonzales, the waiter brings out a regular gonzalas and he doesn't even notice.
Fact: Randy went to his cousin's house for Christmas, but arrived on December 12th.  He had his watch set to the Julian calendar.
Fact: When Randy has an infinite loop running in his code, he just waits it out.
Fact: Randy almost visited Apple's headquarters because once he saw the address he started running in circles.
Fact: Randy can walk Apple’s infinite loop in under an hour.
Fact: Randy can escape from handcuffs.  He’s never been arrested, he just found these pink fuzzy ones under Bobby’s bed.
Fact: Randy once tried to walk on your moms waist line because he was trying to get to Apples headquarters
Fact: Randy and my mom...  :pixeljason::gun:
Fact: Randy and my mom met on a Cougar Night on Cougar Mountain in the back seat of a Mercury Cougar on a Cougar-skin rug.
Fact: Randy is immune to snowballs.
Fact: Randy cannot be tea-bagged by yetis.
Fact: Randy cannot tea-bag yetis.
Fact: Randy is taller than Bob, he's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: When Randy goes to sporting events, Bobby brings a big letter D, and Randy brings a fence.  And they chant D - Fence D - Fence. Randy’s fence is chain link, barbed wire, not white picket, this isn’t little house on the prairie.
Fact: Sometimes, when Randy goes to sporting events, Bobby brings a big letter B, and Randy brings along a huge combination lock.  And they chant B - Lock  B - Lock.  This is less successful than the barbed wire fence thing.
Fact: Sometimes, when Randy goes to sporting events, Bobby brings a poster of a smart ass child and Randy brings a wood chipper. The noisy kids behind him stopped kicking their seat real quick.
Fact: Sometimes when Randy goes to sporting events, and the ref makes a bad call.  He busts out a bowl of Pho - a Vietnamese noodle soup.  And Bobby holds up a big letter Q.  And they chant, Pho - Q  Pho - Q.  Bobby always gets the letters.
Fact: Janis Joplin originally performed Me, Bobby, and Randy, but Randy had looked up "freedom" in the thesaurus and challenged her on the definition.
Fact: Randy and Bobby got kicked out of a little league game once when Randy brought a big cutout of Ness from Super Smash Brothers.  Bobby brought along a big letter P.  And they chanted P - Ness  P - Ness.  This is getting out of hand.
Fact: Sometimes when Randy goes to sporting events he brings along a large leopard print bra, Bobby brings a large letter Z, when the ref makes a bad call they chant Z - Bra Z - Bra.  I’ve got 21 more letters to go folks, don’t quit on me yet.
Fact: Randy once got kicked out of a movie theatre for bringing his own food and making too much noise.  He saw a horse racing movie and brought along some biscuits and gravy, and Bobby brought along a large letter C.  They stood up in the middle of the movie and chanted C- Biscuit C- Biscuit.  Randy handed out the food and charged everyone 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy has never lost a game of HORSE, because he plays the demonic fiery version NIGHTMARE, and that takes a lot longer to lose at.
Fact: Randy got kicked out of a Walmart once and accused of Kidnapping when he camped out in front of a display of pies and held up Pat Dalsass while Bobby had a large letter E.  They kept chanting Pat - E  Pat - E.
Fact: Randy is omnidextrous, he's able to use anyone's hand to do anything. 
Fact: Randy is omnidextrous, he’s able to use anyone’s hand to do anything he wants. Anything. He. Wants.
Fact: Randy got bags.
Fact: Randy's got a work-in program for people who want to get out of shape.
Fact: When people at the checkout line ask Randy "Paper or Plastic" he says "Yes."
Fact: Randy wants to be a bag lady when he grows up.
Fact: Randy acted as bag man for the mafia, but never asked for a cut of the money. He just wanted the bag.
Fact: When Randy started collecting bags, he misunderstood the term "dime bag".
Fact: Randy's pile of bags still has a while to go to catch up to his pile of left feet
Fact: Randy used to own a diner from which he sold dime bags for 8 bucks.  It made him a hero.
Fact: Randy saved a sandwich shop from burning down. It made him a hero.
Fact: Randy directed an erotic donut movie titled "The Dirty Dozen".
Fact: The one Red Hot Chili Peppers song that isn't about California is about Randy, and that's only because Randy hasn't been there.
Fact: The first time Randy partied too hard he started the Velvet Underground.
Fact: ain't no party like a Randy Jakicic  party.
Fact: Randy decided to do everyone a solid and get over his case of diarrhea.
Fact: Randy partied so hard that Shirley Temple was dancing on the bar after his lack of liquor.
Fact: Some people can tie a knot in a cherry stem.  Randy can tie the knot with any cougar of his choosing.
Fact: Randy doesn’t have soccer practice, but he’ll let your mom drive him there anyway.
Fact: Randy still doesn’t know how to open a Capri Sun, mostly because your mom always gets it for him.
Fact: Randy has been known to party too hard because the last time he split the party the dwarf got eaten by a dragon.
Fact: When Randy parties hard, he doesn't dance on a table, but on the back of a dragon.
Fact: Randy always takes the party to the next level. 
Fact: Randy can reach the Doritos he keeps on top of the fridge, but he still gets a chair to stand on anyway.  Just so your mom will get them for him and make him a turkey sandwich with chocolate milk.
Fact: Randy doesn't tell "your mom" jokes. When it comes to your mom, Randy's pretty serious about it.
Fact: Yo mamma loves Randy so much that he ends up partying too hard (sans alcohol).
Fact: Randy doesn't tell "your mom" jokes, because after last night, the joke would be on him. 
Fact: Your mom gets very happy when Randy parties hard.
Fact: Your mom really knows how to “fill Randy’s Juice Box” if you know what I mean.
Fact: The wood panel siding on your moms mini van “fills Randy’s juice box."
Fact: Some people are glass half empty people, some are glass half full people.  Randy is a, I’ve gotta get your mom to “fill my juice box” type of person.
Fact: Everytime Randy sees a minivan with the outline of a dad sticker scraped off it "really fills his juice box"
Fact: Randy always shows up to cougar night with a crate of empty juice boxes. 
Fact: Randy’s favorite bubble gum is Bubblicious, mostly due to the flavor “Bahama Momma”.
Fact: Randy's Cougar Night record is filling 42 juice boxes in 8 hours.
Fact: Last time Randy partied too hard we got the "Baby Boomer" generation
Fact: To Randy, cougar night isn’t just a thing, it’s a way of life, and a way of getting his “juice box filled"
Fact: Randy came to fill his juice boxes and Party hard with your mom, and he's all out of juice boxes....
Fact: Randy used to own a diner but he greatly misunderstood the concept of prostitution. He'd give middle aged women a full juice box and charge them 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy has 99 problems and cougar night solves 106 of them.
Fact: Randy didn't invent juice boxes. He just invented filling them.
Fact: Randy solved Jay-Z's 100th problem for him.
Fact: Randy debugs his programs by smacking his monitor with a fly swatter until they go away.
Fact: Randy has filled Mrs. Eaves juicebox.
Fact: Randy doesn’t wear gym shorts specifically so he can party hard.
Fact: Randy will only party hard in boxers, not briefs.
Fact: The hardness at which Randy parties is enough to cut diamonds.
Fact: Randy partied so hard that your mom and Eric don't want to talk about it.
Fact: Ancient Romans used to infuse their armor with Randy's partying to strengthen it in battle.
Fact: Randy is a paid to endorse Speedo because he parties hard.
Fact: Speedo just looks THAT much better on Randy because of his uncanny slowness.
Fact: Randy always parties hard in the south. That way his nipples can point him home.
Fact: Randy’s already got plans to party hard this November 8th, because the US is set to have one hell of a raging… election.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner where he would party hard.  He partied so hard one day that someone put money in his Speedo.  Yes, he sold the diner that day for 8 bucks.
Fact: Whenever Randy is looking to sell some real-estate, he just parties there until someone puts money in his Speedo.
Fact: Randy’s partying gets kind of awkward when he tries to sell strip clubs.
Fact: Randy parties harder than Andrew W.K.
Fact: Randy never dials the wrong number.  You just answered the wrong phone.
Fact: When Randy can’t find his Kordell Stewart rookie card, he cuts his lines of cocaine with a Black Lotus.
Fact: Apparently Randy is addicted to cocaine.
Fact: When Randy stays home sick he watches the Price is Right, because those ladies in the “Hot for Bob” sweaters really “fill his juice box"
Fact: Randy has a cougar night move called "The cougar cake", it involves layers of cougars, icing, and occasionally Eric. But none of us want to talk about it.
Fact: Under Randy's hoodie is a layer of live mice. Under Randy's kilt is a layer of live cougars.
Fact: The topic of Randy's kilt may be a bit uncomfortable... but you try living with a layer of live cougars under yours!
Fact: Randy will not blend.
Fact: Randy's railroad line has never allowed hand cars on the tracks, but he does allow box cars full of severed left feed.
Fact: Randy's railroad line has never allowed hand cars on the tracks, but he does allow juice box cars full of juice.
Fact: The juice box cars on Randy's railroad line are loaded at the station by older women.
Fact: Randy doesn't use train drivers on his railroad line, they are all run by computers. He's a software engineer.
Fact: Randy teaches world cultures. Not because he lived through all of them and is an expert... but because he thinks we're all a bunch of uncultured swine.
Fact: The other women in his mom’s book club really “Fill Randy’s juice box"
Fact: Randy's new hit Romance Novel "Fifty Flavors of Juice" will be on store shelves in time for Christmas.
Fact: OpenArc had to remove the hover state image for Randy on the About Us page because it contained a juice box.
Fact: Randy's new hit Romance Novel is available in soft cover and partied too hard back.
Fact: Randy no longer has a picture on the OA site because no matter what he does it's always erotic.
Fact: When Randy is selling property, he's ok with people making it rain in coins, as long as they're copper pennies.
Fact: Randy has no chill.
Fact: Randy has a soft spot for daytime television. It really Dr. Phil's his juice box.
Fact: Randy hat einmal Witzel gesucht, aber Eric möchte nicht über es gesprochen.
Fact: "Die Randy, die" is german for "please stop throwing our children into a wood chipper!"
Fact: Randy greatly misunderstood the german peoples’ plea to stop murdering their children in woodchippers. So he upped his german child quota.
Fact: Augustus Gloop was originally known as just "Augustus" before Randy threw him into a wood chipper.
Fact: There is a law suit pending with AT&amp;T between Randy, the Rand Man, Jakicic  and Bell labs over the Manual page for the Rand command. However, the naming conflict does help him pick up tech savvy older women.
Fact: Randy briefly considered going by the title "the Rand Command" in the early 90's.
Fact: The game "Command &amp; conquer" was originally called "Rand Command &amp; conquer" but the developers changed it for fear of their children's lives.
Fact: Randy’s not in yet because he’s busy polishing the spokes on his best friends little brothers tricycle.
Fact: Randy's favorite strategy game from the 90s was "Command and Cougar".
Fact: Randy’s late to work today because he’s busy folding blankets with his cousin.
Fact: Randy's not in yet because he's helping his neighbor dig a new septic tank.
Fact: Randy’s not in yet because he and Bobby have gone to 3 different grocery stores trying to find the “perfect orange” for their nephew’s first communion.
Fact: Randy's not in yet because he's taking a detour through Cleveland to get to work.
Fact: Randy's not in yet, but not because he's working on his back yard. Everyone who knows Randy knows that he's totally decked out.
Fact: Randy needs to leave work early today because he promised his neighbor he’d help catalogue his celebrity chewed bubble gum collection.
Fact: Randy's not in yet because Charlie's ringtone ruined his friend's nephew's bar mitzvah.
Fact: Randy's not in yet because he's still digging his way out from the bottom of a swimming pool filled with oranges. He'll be here in a jiffy though once he catches a beam of light headed in this direction.
Fact: Randy's not in yet because his layer of live mice haven't adjusted to daylight savings time yet.
Fact: When Randy hits the road, parents the world over hug their kids just a little bit tighter that night.
Fact: Randy only hits very slow children with his car. Take that however you want it.
Fact: Randy takes a detour through Cleveland before hitting slow children with his car.
Fact: Randy gets a +10 bonus to all Concentration checks, even without headphones.
Fact: Randy's D&amp;D character is GREAT at making orange juice.
Fact: Randy's D&amp;D character has a much easier time getting out of swimming pools after waking up than Randy does in real life.
Fact: Randy's D&amp;D character really fills the juice boxes of older fictional maidens.
Fact: Cougars won't fill Randy's juice box with red kool aid or anything containing yellow dye #5. Makes him hyper.
Fact: It's a good thing Randy is immortal, otherwise he'd never be able to learn HTML.
Fact: Randy has never washed his feet.  He prefers to have them in the same state they were when he amputated them.
Fact: Kenny Klase is not omniscient.
Fact: Kenny Klase and Tom have a lot in common
Fact: Tom is a dick, Kenny Klase just has “a few exciting opportunities for you"
Fact: Randy also has “a few exciting opportunities for you” and they all begin at Jergel’s on a Thursday night.
Fact: Some people rob the cradle. Randy robbed the knitting circle at Jo Ann fabrics.
Fact: Some people rob the cradle. Randy robbed the Book Club. Cindy from down the street was none too enthused.
Fact: Some people rob the cradle.  Randy robs those people, then hooks up with their moms.
Fact: Randy really puts the curls in the cougar's perm.
Fact: Randy really puts the spots on the cougar's leopard print.
Fact: Randy is on your mom like white is on him.
Fact: Randy went to the DMV to get his License to Kill.
Fact: Randy went to Colorado to get his License to Chill.
Fact: Randy went to Cedar Point to get his License to Thrill.
Fact: Randy went to BP to get his license to spill.
Fact: Randy went to the Brooklyn to get his license to ill. He didn't sleep till he got to Brooklyn.
Fact: Randy went to the real life sharks that look like sea dragons to get his license to Frill.
Fact: Randy went to Iowa to get his License to Till.
Fact: Randy doesn’t like Lima beans.  He doesn’t like you either for a completely different reason.
Fact: Randy doesn’t think your mom’s dumb. He thinks she’s an witty, insightful woman.
Fact: It was a clear and sunny day outside until Randy sneezed in the middle of saying "Skadoosh"
Fact: After tonight, the answer to "Who's your daddy?" will be Randy
Fact: Randy doesn’t sign things he owns. Not with ink, at least.
Fact: You don’t want to talk?  Randy can make you talk.  Mannequin style.  You don’t want to know where he has to put his hand to do this. #buttstuff
Fact: Randy once guided an arctic expedition with his nipples.  #notbuttstuff
Fact: Randy can tell east and west via his nipples depending on the shadow they cast.  #notbuttstuff
Fact: Randy can put a CD on the internet
Fact: Randy coined the phrase "let's blow this taco stand" in 1978.
Fact: Randy can go back to 1978 any time he wants to blow a taco stand... but he chooses not to.
Fact: Randy’s blown taco stands the world over… But Eric doesn’t wanna talk about it.
Fact: Randy’s blown taco stands the world over… But Eric doesn’t wanna talk about it.
Fact: Randy once blew a taco stand, but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: The only way Randy plays is well.
Fact: The only way Randy fights is dirty
Fact: Randy’s only insecurity is about the fact that he has no insecurities.
Fact: Randy has to drive a really small car to undercompensate for the size of.... other things in his life.
Fact: The Loch Ness monster owes Randy about 8 bucks.
Fact: Here’s what Randy’s gonna do.  He’s gonna hang a “kick me” sign on your back, tap you on the shoulder, and punch you in the face.  And you’ll say, “Hey, that’s a kick me sign”  Too bad, he’s punched you, he punched you right in the mouth.  Here’s what he’s gonna do.  He’s gonna duct tape you to your chair, cover you in maple syrup, and throw cheerios at you one at a time and watch them stick.  I don’t think you’ll like that.
Fact: If Randy were a plant, your mom in that gardening outfit would really chlorophyll his juicebox.
Fact: In depth knowledge of chemistry and how to apply it in practical situations chloroforms Randy's best advice on dating.
Fact: Randy gave your baloney it's first name. Don't be too proud, he named it after the fish. 
Fact: Randy had an Oscar long before Leo.
Fact: Randy competed the American Ninja Warrior challenge using waterfall methodologies.
Fact: Randy's karate hottie drives a shoddy bugatti, owns a naughty rotty, and gets snotty whenever someone mentions the illuminati. 
Fact: Randy was one of the American Gladiators. He shot your ass with tennis balls using the name Cougar Slayer.
Fact: Randy's gladiator name is a bit misleading. He doesn't actually slay cougars, he just fills their juice boxes.
Fact: Your moms juice box really fills Randy’s juice box.
Fact: Randy holds a patent for a self-filling juice box.
Fact: *Siphon Juice (Ex)* - Once per day Randy is able to fill his juice box from another persons juice box unless the victim makes a saving throw using their wisdom modifier against Randy's charisma. Cougars take a -10 penalty to this check as they are particularly susceptible to the attack.
Fact: Randy lets Eric near his juice box, but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy has a over a mile of left feet.
Fact: Randy doesn’t like dead baby jokes. He thinks they’re in bad taste
Fact: It’s customary for boys to fight Randy on their sixteenth birthday. Randy usually lets them win, but every once in a while he snaps some poor kid’s neck just to let everyone know that Randy doesn’t fuck around.
Fact: On a list of the top ten most bad ass people that ever lived.  Randy’s on it twice.
Fact: Nickelodeon made a show based on Randy's life experiences called "You Can't Do That On Television." It's a sketch show about all the stuff that Eric doesn't want to talk about.
Fact: Bill Cosby once hosted a show based on Randy's life experiences called "Smart-Ass Kids Aren't So Smart After They Get Run Through a Wood-Chipper". It was cancelled after the first season purely based on the painfully long title.
Fact: Randy was a guest star on Golden Girls. The episode never aired because Bea Arthur stabbed Betty White with a knitting needle fighting over him for a date.
Fact: The movie "The Notebook" is about an older woman who meets Randy and forgets all about her former lover.
Fact: Dream catcher earrings really fill Randy’s juice box.
Fact: With the help of the local bingo club, Randy once filled an entire 18-wheel juice tanker for charity. 
Fact: Randy has mad old school rap skills. He writes down his rhymes on this pad of paper over here. He doesn't know it, but every once in a while I sneak a peak. His latest one goes something like, "If you gotta juice box, yo, I'll fill it, check out my cheese sandwich while your mother grills it. Word to her"Fact: In the remake of Ghost Busters Randy is the box master and a cougar plays the Juice Keeper.
Fact: Customer service feedback really fills Randy's juice box.
Fact: The end of the remake of Ghost Busters is anti climactic. Randy just shouts "Stay-puft!", "Sit-puft!", "Roll-over-puft!", and "Now who's a good-puft? You're a good puft!"
Fact: Some people like a tuna melt sandwich.  Randy prefers a dragon melt sandwich
Fact: Randy has only one weakness, and that’s cougars.
Fact: Randy has only one weakness, and that’s his Kordell Stewart rookie card.
Fact: Randy has only one weakness, and that’s little children frolicking through a meadow without fear of a woodchipper-related death.
Fact: Randy has only one weakness, and that’s an unclaimed left foot.
Fact: Randy has only one weakness, and that's an empty juice box.
Fact: Randy has only one weakness, and it’s not Kryptonite.
Fact: If you go crazy, Randy will not call you superman. Get your fucking shit together, dude.
Fact: If you go crazy, Randy will not call you, Superman. His phone only calls Batman.
Fact: Randy doesn’t realize that “Talking out your ass” is just a figure of speech.  He’s been practicing it for the last 43 years, and no one wants to tell him because he’s getting real close to being able to do it.
Fact: There was a movie loosely based on Randy's trip to the pet store called Ace Ventura Pet Detective. In the real story Randy threw the dolphin in a wood chipper and made hamburgers...but Randy's never complained because he's never seen it.
Fact: Randy is red, Jays face is turning blue, Kenny Klase has an exciting opportunity for you.
Fact: Randy is the reason why we have 18 holes in a golf course. Eric doesn't want to talk about the 19th hole.
Fact: Randy once hit a golf ball so hard it shattered and he hit an 18 holes in one. Golf actually has a name for that, it's a phoenix. 
Fact: When Kenny Klase called Randy, Randy countered with his own offer and got Kenny a job.
Fact: Randy caught a 23 pound bass in a fishing tournament with the hook from one of his sick old school raps and some dental floss.
Fact: When Randy hits the road, the road thanks him and requests another. 
Fact: When you got a hole in one on the 19th hole it wass called a cougar, and your juice box got filled. However, Randy was the only one with a full juice box, so they just eliminated the hole.
Fact: Randy used to work at taco bell.  No matter what you ordered he'd put everything in the kitchen into a bucket and hang it from your neck like a god damn horse feeder.  Sales went up 35%.
Fact: Randy used to work at taco bell. No matter what you'd order he'd put insects into a bucket and hang it from your neck like a god damn horse feeder. Sales went up 35%.
Fact: Randy used to work at taco bell.  No matter what you ordered he'd put everything in the kitchen into a bucket and hang it from your neck like a god damn horse feeder.  Sales went up 8 dollars.
Fact: Randy used to work at taco bell.  He got fired for spending too much time in the bathroom.  And eating too much of the product.
Fact: Randy used to work at taco bell.  No matter what you ordered he'd put everything in the kitchen into a bucket and hang it from your neck like a god damn horse feeder and invent a new game called chalu-paste.
Fact: Ironically, Randy getting fired from taco bell is the reason we now have fire sauce.
Fact: Nobody fires Randy from Taco Bell. He QUITS
Fact: Randy's skeleton fired him from Taco Bell.
Fact: Before Randy got fired from taco bell, he left his mark.  By way of piss stain in the bathroom.
Fact: Randy used to work at taco bell. No matter what you ordered he'd put a chihuahua into a bucket and hang it from your neck like a god damn horse feeder. Sales went up 35%
Fact: Before Randy got fired from taco bell, he left his mark. Mark wandered out after like 5 minutes and wondered how he got to Taco Bell.
Fact: Randy left taco bell and contemplated working at wendy’s but the chick on the sign didn’t look old enough.
Fact: Randy once saw a wicker chair he liked.  He wanted to steal it, but in order to do it on the down low he unraveled it first to take it in smaller pieces.  He never thought it would be that difficult to put it back together.
Fact: The officer assigned to the case of Randy stealing a wicker chair one piece at a time thought the whole thing was crazy. A real basket case.
Fact: The American Football concept of “downs” came from referring to the people Randy murdered before taking possession of the ball. No one knows why Randy took four innocent lives before taking the ball, and they’re all too scared to ask.
Fact: Randy never misses Caleb. Its a bullseye every time.
Fact: The front of Randy's diapers looked a lot like his signature.
Fact: Randy stores his documents in a bag, because he's case sensitive.
Fact: Randy is not a salesman. The last time he tried he sold the Louisiana purchase.
Fact: Randy is not a salesman. The last time he tried he sold a bunch of stereos for a pile of bananas.
Fact: Randy is not a salesman. The last time he tried the Ponzi scheme was invented.
Fact: Randy has a ballroom where he keeps his hockey pucks... but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy can do all of those silly bar tricks, except with _actual magic_.
Fact: Randy goes to magic shows just to one-up the magicians. He’s banned from David Blaine shows for example, where he knows each of the security guards on a first-name basis.
Fact: Randy can do everything these guys can do, only better <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvAAycrwyIA>
Fact: Randy doesn't use antivirus protection because he likes to live life dangerously
Fact: Computer viruses use antiRandy software
Fact: Randy just pours a bottle of Nyquil over his computer and figures he's good to go.
Fact: Randy doesn't use a PC because he figures an Apple a day keeps the virus away.
Fact: Randy keeps all viruses he encounters. In his chest. He’s constantly sick. Pretty metal, huh?
Fact: Virus chests really fill Randy's juice box.
Fact: Randy offers antivirus protection. He comes to your house and beats your computer with a baseball bat until he’s positive the virus isn’t a problem anymore. Then he charges you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy used to own an internet cafe but he greatly misunderstood antivirus software. He'd run a poker game and everyone had to put in two viruses before he would deal.
Fact: If you need to gamble for free, go mess with Randy's chicken tenders.
Fact: One of the fun things about Randy is that relations with him often end up with the woman receiving anti-STDs.
Fact: Randy starts all C programs with anti-stdlib.h
Fact: Randy was disappointed when he found out that Auntie Em was not the star of the play.
Fact: Randy was pleased when he found out that Auntie Px was the star of the play.
Fact: One time Randy spilled cheese on some chips while he was driving. He now considers himself a mobile app developer.
Fact: After Randy defeated his last foe he put one foot on his chest, pulled his tongue out of his mouth and played it like an upright bass.  It didn’t sound like an upright bass.  It sounded more like “AGHHHGRELLLAWWGHORGALORG” but Randy’s not a musician so that’s pretty good.
Fact: After Randy defeated his last foe he put one foot on his chest. It was a left foot, severed from his second most recent foe.
Fact: The Kool-Aid man is unable to bust through any wall within 50 meters of Randy, unless Randy lets him.
Fact: ...but Randy's gotta eat sausage.
Fact: The Kool-Aid Man has never, and will never, fill Randy's juice box.
Fact: Randy guest starred on an episode of The Flinstones, he was the right fielder who hit a home run with a femur.
Fact: Randy has a restraining order against the Kool-Aid Man.
Fact: When Randy brings cake, it's not a lie. 
Fact: Randy doesn’t blow into his Nintendo cartridges.  His Nintendo cartridges, you know... I don’t want to talk about it.
Fact: Long before the nintendo or the atari Randy invented the world's first 2-bit gaming console. It didn't sell very well and eventually gave rise to the phrase "2 bit" to mean poor quality.
Fact: Randy can balance a Tic Tak on a frosted Mini Wheat on a Snack Pack on a Bed Sheet on a Frog on a Log in the hole in the bottom of the sea.
Fact: Most consoles come bundled with a game like Super Mario Bros.. Randy's 2-bit gaming console came with a shave and a haircut.
Fact: Randy doesn’t blow into his Nintendo cartridges.  He charges you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy once made an 8-bit gaming console but most people agree that it really bytes.
Fact: On top of the poor graphics quality, the production runs of Randy's 2-bit gaming console were troubled. He always made 1 less than he needed so that it would be twice-bitten but one shy.
Fact: Randy once created a 3d volume pixel adventure game about hunting Cougars for his 2-bit gaming console. It really filled his juice voxels.
Fact: Earth was a giant wasteland before Randy captured us all and brought us here.
Fact: Randy turned Captain Planet into a tree.
Fact: Randy can make Captain Planet out of just 2 sub-lunar elements in a pinch.
Fact: Randy turned Captain Planet into a tree then cut him down and threw him into a woodchipper. This was the first time Randy used the woodchipper for wood.
Fact: Super Mario Bros. stole the idea of traveling in warp pipes from "Tube-it!", a game for Randy's 2-bit gaming console.
Fact: Randy’s two bit gaming console cost two bit coins
Fact: Randy can skin a deer with a nuclear missile.  He’s never done it, but he claimed he could, and we all just believe him.
Fact: Randy treats all mothers right.
Fact: Randy can fix any problem with a paper clip, full juice box, some twine, a zebra, and 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy can fix any problem with a cougar. Her only problem was that Randy wasn't there.
Fact: Randy has 99 problems but a cougar ain't one. 
Fact: Randy has 99 cougars and it's no problem
Fact: Randy let Jay Z borrow a Cougar. Now Jay Z has 112 problems.
Fact: When you play "Night Moves" on a dot-matrix printer, the resulting image is a picture of Randy's face.
Fact: Randy makes it so that no one ever gets off on the wrong foot... by only leaving them with the right one.
Fact: Randy has way more kills than all Batmans combined
Fact: Randy _also_ has a kill for every person Batman chose not to kill.
Fact: Randy has 58 confirmed kills, and thousands more where there was nothing left after the woodchipper.
Fact: Randy once performed laser surgery using a modified 52X CD-ROM drive, though some wouldn't really consider shooting someone's left foot off with a laser to be "surgery".
Fact: Whenever Randy gets into a freestyle rap battle with someone, the America Red Cross shows up and throws a blanket over the challenger, because what happens to them is officially classified as a disaster.
Fact: When Randy is concerned about his weight, he just jumps into orbit.
Fact: When Randy is concerned about your weight, he just throws you into orbit. Minus a left foot of course.
Fact: When Randy is concerned about your moms weight, he just pulls the earth out of her orbit.
Fact: Randy is not as concerned about your mom as she is about him... and she's OK with that.
Fact: Randy wears someone else's face. Bobby doesn't mind.
Fact: Randy, where's someone else's face? He's looking for it and you were the last one seen with it.
Fact: Randy used to run a pirated software site, but he greatly misunderstood what warez meant. He ripped people's faces off and charged them 8 bucks.
Fact: When Randy is concerned about your wait, he just throws everyone in line in front of you into orbit.
Fact: When Randy is concerned about your tax rate, he just furloughs every government employee necessary to save you money.
Fact: Randy named his wood chipper "furlough" so that it sounds even worse when he talks about it.
Fact: When Randy is worried about taxes, he throws some tea into the nearest bay.
Fact: Mr. T tries very hard to make sure that Randy doesn't get worried about taxes.
Fact: Pittsburgh doesn't have a bay, but Randy is just as happy to throw some pierogies into the river to protest taxes.
Fact: Randy was once so worried about Pittsburgh taxes, he threw MRS. T into the river instead of her perogies
Fact: Randy believes that mother earth is PHLAT.  Pretty, High in years, Lonely, and Tempting
Fact: Randy wears a tinfoil hat to keep himself from spying on the government.
Fact: Randy senses a disturbance in the Force.
Fact: Randy causes a disturbance in the Force
Fact: Every time Frank leaves Randyfacts, it's as though a million voices all cried out at once and then were silenced.
Fact: Randy causes a disturbance in the Force
Fact: Randy welcomes you to Moe's 4 days before you actually get there.
Fact: Randy doesn’t collect baseball cards, he collects library cards.  Just in case he needs to check some shit out and take his time with it.
Fact: Randy's diet is based on a food hypercube, but he was the one who ordered the ancient Egyptians to construct the food pyramid.
Fact: Hexaflexagons have many sides, but only a scarce minority of those who interact with them see a secret side that depicts Randy’s conquest of Antarctica.
Fact: Randy gets texts from Bennett.
Fact: Randy can text message break up.
Fact: The little voice in Randy’s head has autotune on it.
Fact: Randy has retrieved the Amulet of Yendor from the first level of the Dungeon of Doom.
Fact: If your mom gets a text message and then starts crying to sappy 80's music... it was Randy.
Fact: Randy used to do a 1-man-band version of a singing telegram. 
Fact: Randy once killed 45,693 birds with one stone. 
Fact: Randy once caused a mass extinction by throwing one stone.
Fact: Randy once caused an overpopulation by filling one juice box.
Fact: Randy has fathered multiple children to multiple women. They’re always dodecatuplets. ABC is hosting a special on it next Tuesday.
Fact: Randy's favorite episode of Pinky and the Brain is when he killed a homeless man, scooped out his brain, and removed the smallest fingers from his hand.
Fact: When Brain started to explain what he did every day to Randy, Randy pulled Yoda out of his pocket and told Brain to get his fucking act together.
Fact: Randy is the wind beneath Bette Midler's wings.
Fact: Randy has been known to pop a wheelie in reverse and follow closely behind tow truck drivers just to confuse the fuck out of them. 
Fact: Tim Cannon has been working on Randy's nipples.
Fact: When Randy pops a wheelie, he actually shoots out someone’s tires. He gets a real kick out of it, but the driver is usually not as entertained.
Fact: Some people get a real kick out of Randy, often times this will leave them with a few broken bones.
Fact: Randy doesnt always shave, but when he does he uses a drone with razor blades on the prop.
Fact: On every contract Randy has ever signed, the fine-print just got him an even better deal anyways.
Fact: Randy has cried wolf once or twice, but he's never cried cougar. He wants that action all to himself.
Fact: Jack and Jill went up the hill to fetch a pale of water.  But the well was bare, and Randy was there, and his woman said go home my son and daughter.  It’s cougar night bitch.  Yeah this needs a little more work but I’m busy. so deal.
Fact: Like the honey badger, Randy just doesn’t give a fuck.
Fact: Randy does give a fuck.  On Cougar night he... this is going poorly.  I had a funny idea, but now I don’t want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy does give a fuck.  He has a box full of them and doesn’t mind sharing.  That didn’t turn out any better.
Fact: Last time Randy gave a shit.....  HE GOT FUCKED.
Fact: Randy does give a fuck.  In fact, he has very few fucks left to give, he’s just so generous with his fucks.  Not really, digging myself out of this hole am I?
Fact: Randy does give a fuck.  He knows that you get what you give, and he just wants you to give a fuck.  This is not a good meme.
Fact: Randy does give a fuck.  He once gave 2 fucks, that was too many fucks.  That’s just absurd.
Fact: Randy does give a fuck.  He once gave an fuck, then he corrected his English.  I should really not try to be funny.
Fact: The US government has placed an embargo on all fuck exports from Randy, but Randy _still_ gives a fuck.
Fact: Randy does give a fuck. He just has a habit of packaging it up in things that are anything but a fuck. One time he gave a fuck cleverly disguised as a 6-pack of Orange Fanta.
Fact: Randy does give a fuck.  He does not give a shit.  Randy takes a shit.  I can not believe I just typed that.
Fact: Randy has a sticker on the back of his pick-up truck that says "Givin' Fucks. Takin' Shits"
Fact: Randy is able to freely convert fucks to craps and vice versa.
Fact: Randy is able to freely convert fucks to craps and vice versa, but sometimes that ends up getting a little… messy...
Fact: Randy does give a fuck.  He wraps it up like a christmas gift before he presents it to you.  This is not I just, I can’t even.
Fact: Randy does give a fuck, and every fuck he gives gets him $500 as a tax write-off.
Fact: Randy calls band-Aids bitch stickers.
Fact: Randy calls aspirin bitch mints.
Fact: Randy calls boxing gloves bitch mittens.
Fact: Randy calls dolphins bitch sharks.
Fact: Randy calls worms bitch snakes.
Fact: Randy calls meatloaf bitch steak.
Fact: Randy calls Bobby bitch himself.
Fact: Randy calls algebra bitch calculus. 
Fact: Randy calls Lego bricks bitch masonry.
Fact: Randy calls a trip to the dentist bitch interrogation. 
Fact: Randy calls Batman bitch Superman. Which he can do, because his phone only calls Batman. 
Fact: Randy calls Tom bitch The Force, but Eric doesn't want to talk about it. 
Fact: Randy calls ewoks bitch wookies.
Fact: Randy has 17 platinum albums. He didn't earn them in the music industry, he just had some extra albums and platinum laying around one day and figured it was a cute craft idea. 
Fact: When life hands Randy lemonade, he turns it back into lemons, and then hands those to someone else.
Fact: Randy calls taxidermy bitch necromancy.
Fact: Randy calls stealing a bike bitch theft auto.
Fact: Randy likes to serenade your mom with saxophone music.  He finds that it really hits the Kenny G spot.
Fact: Randy calls clarinets bitch saxophones.
Fact: When life hands Randy lemons, he turns them into apples and oranges and then compares them. 
Fact: Randy once swallowed 3 balloons full of cocaine and transported it across the Mexican-American border for a friend he once did time with.  He still has no idea why he went through all the trouble since he could have procured way more by simply saying Skadoosh.
Fact: Randy does not have to eat sausage, he just does it to play along.
Fact: Randy can make animals out of balloons full of cocaine with his small intestine. 
Fact: Randy used to own a balloon stand at a county fair, but he filled all his balloons with cocaine instead of helium. 
Fact: Randy can make a balloon filled with cocaine float.
Fact: The Hindenberg actually exploded because Randy had filled it with cocaine.
Fact: Randy makes a delicious root beer and cocaine float. 
Fact: Randy tried to save the Titanic by filling it with cocaine, but he took a detour through Cleveland on his way there and arrived after it sank. 
Fact: Randy and Bobby have a photo album that consists entirely of pictures of them blowing kisses, doing duck lips and showing off cleavage titled “Bros pose like hoes photos"
Fact: Randy and Bobby have a series of books titled “Bros’ Prose”, you could say that they’re pros at writing prose as bros.
Fact: Randy is forced to pick up the phone and talk to a random batman.
Fact: Randy used to have to answer random calls from everyone, but he ran out of minutes on his shared minutes plan with God. Now they all go to his voicemail.
Fact: Randy has a shared minutes plan with God on a phone that only calls Batman.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what lamb shanks were.  He’d fashion a weapon out of lamb bones, stab you repeatedly with it, and charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy calls female toddlers bitch bitches.
Fact: Randy calls Meredith Brooks bitch, but she's ok with that.
Fact: Randy doesn't call your mom bitch.  He's smart that way.
Fact: Randy's office chair came with a head rest... but eric doesn't wanna talk about it.
Fact: Randy's cocaine snuggling habit started when someone asked him to blow up a balloon. 
Fact: Randy is a paladin of the palindrome.
Fact: Randy is a paladin of palladium.
Fact: Most people cannot store music, but Randy has a pail'o'din in case he needs it.
Fact: One time Randy scared the shit out of Thor's dad. He looked like he'd seen a ghost.
Fact: Randy serves as a paladin for his pal, Odin.
Fact: Scientists will tell you that pet rocks are not living things but Randy feeds his Opal a dinner of minerals every night to keep him strong.
Fact: Randy’s nipples always point due north.  Bobby on the other hand watched Pirates of the Caribbean too many times.  His nipples always point at the thing what Randy wants most.  Usually a left foot.
Fact: Things get kind of weird when Bobby wants to know what direction North is.
Fact: There’s a Randyland in Pittsburgh
Fact: Randy has a lovely bunch of coconuts.
Fact: If you ask Randy to do something, he’ll do it.  If you TELL Randy to do something, he’ll do it. If you tell Randy NOT to do something.  He’ll do it.  Basically don’t suggest anything to Randy that you don’t want him doing.
Fact: Randy does give a fuck, he’ll also give a dam.  Then take the dam away and flood a nearby town or village.  This one is not catching on anytime soon.
Fact: Randy does give a fuck.  He also loves to help the homeless, which is why he now knows the flu shot is bullshit.  That just makes no sense.
Fact: Randy does give a fuck. Eric doesn’t wanna talk about it
Fact: Randy does give a fuck.  He stands next to the guy with the cup of wine at church and hands them out.  Not many people notice him though.  Strike this one from your memory folks, it’s not any good.
Fact: Randy does give a fuck.  He once gave one to a homeless man cause he heard you’re not supposed to give them money.  I think I’ve hit a new low.
Fact: Randy started a magic night. It quickly got overrun by older women in minivans. Now randy has a different kind of magic.
Fact: Randy has Luger Fight moves. Looks a lot like Neo in the Matrix, but smoother.
Fact: Randy has Krueger night moves. Older chicks dig the classic horror reference.
Fact: Randy has Krueger night movies... but he's never seen them.
Fact: Heart understands that Randy is a magic man.
Fact: Randy beat up the 4 other planeteers before convincing Heart that he's a magic man.
Fact: Randy has been married and divorced 9 times.  15 if you count the other 6 women.
Fact: Randy’s wrist watch is set to hell time
Fact: Randy’s elbow has an IQ of 91
Fact: I once went horseback riding with Randy, but there weren’t any horses around. So, Randy throws a saddle on my back and rides me around Wyoming for three days. Well, wouldn’t you know it, my stamina increases with each day and I develop tremendous leg muscles. So anyway, Randy decides to enter me in the Breeders’ Cup, right, under the name Turkish Delight. And I’m running in second place, and I’m running and I break my ankle! They’re about to shoot me. Then someone from the crowd yells out, God bless him, ‘Don’t shoot him, he’s a human!
Fact: Every time Randy delivers a Stone-Cold-Stoner to his professional wresting victims, his elbow steals 2d6 of their IQ.
Fact: I once saw Randy scissor-kick Angela Lansbury.
Fact: In addition to scissor kicks, Randy also is able to deliver glue and staple remover kicks.
Fact: Randy can shoot a spitball that can cure leprosy.
Fact: Randy can shoot a spitball that can cause leprosy.
Fact: Randy wrote murder about Angela Lansbury.
Fact: Randy can shoot a spitball that can cause Angela Lansbury.
Fact: One time Randy went hunting.  Randy decided he wanted to hunt down all four of the banana splits.  He stocks and kills every one of them with a machete.  They all beg for their lives except Fleegle.
Fact: Randy named the group "Sha Na Na". They did not want to be called that.
Fact: Randy once grabbed a deer by the antlers and yelled "Say my name!". He then squeezed the deer's head in such a way that it made the sound "Hhhrruuuundy." It wasn't perfect but it was pretty good for a deer.
Fact: Every year Randy does my taxes, and every year I go to jail.
Fact: No matter how you do eenie meenie miney mo it’s never Randy.
Fact: Randy won the civil war with his Smith &amp; Wesson and a four leaf clover. The Smith &amp; Wesson  was just for luck.
Fact: Randy grew up in Oklahoma in a trailer until he was 16. His trailer was picked up by a tornado and thrown into another state. Then he finished high school in Texas.
Fact: Randy founded the science of biology. He's really everyone's biological father... No pun intended.
Fact: Randy's leftover meatloaf sandwich got better ratings than how I met your mother.
Fact: Randy's leftover meatloaf sandwich one upped Jesus's fish and loafs, but it was Randy so no one was that impressed.
Fact: Randy's leftover meatloaf sandwich was the man on the grassy knoll.
Fact: Randy's leftover meatloaf sandwich can reheat itself with the Konami code.
Fact: Randy's leftover meatloaf sandwich has a bicep bigger than yours.
Fact: Randy's leftover meatloaf sandwich would do anything for love, including that.
Fact: Randy's leftover meatloaf sandwich has a constitution score of 23 and a charisma of 6.
Fact: The Konami code for Randy's leftover meatloaf sandwich is Up, Up, Down, Down, Left, Over, Left, Over, B, A, Start
Fact: Randy has fully consumed his leftover meatloaf sandwich a total of 29 times after reheating it.
Fact: Randy's leftover meatloaf sandwich carries a rocket launcher as it's primary weapon and a desert eagle as a sidearm.
Fact: Randy's leftover meatloaf sandwich filled in as a substitute teacher for Bobby when he was out sick one day.
Fact: Randy's leftover meatloaf sandwich can beat Bobby at Mario Kart, but only if it's been recently reheated.
Fact: Randy's leftover meatloaf sandwich holds the world record for beating farmville.
Fact: Randy saw what you did there, and he judges you for it.
Fact: Randy can even.
Fact: Randy can also odd.
Fact: Randy's leftover meatloaf sandwich is actually a turkey hoagie... he's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: When he's not eating or reheating it, Randy keeps his leftover meatloaf sandwich in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: If Patrick Stewart and Randy's leftover meatloaf sandwich got into a fight, Randy's leftover meatloaf sandwich would win. Not saying they'd actually fight each other, they get along pretty well, but just saying, that sandwich would kick his ass.
Fact: Randy's leftover meatloaf sandwich came wrapped in the shroud of Turin.
Fact: Randy's cougar lady friends often claim that he treats them like a "leftover meatloaf sandwich." This is not a complaint. He treats his meatloaf sandwiches very lavishly.
Fact: When Jesus fed the crowd of people with the baskets of fish and bread, Randy followed up with a second course of leftover meatloaf sandwich by repeatedly entering the Konami code.
Fact: Bobby is afraid of Randy's leftover meatloaf sandwich. Randy insists that it is just a little misunderstanding.
Fact: Randy's leftover meatloaf sandwich has memorized all the cards in Randy's most-used Magic the Gathering deck.
Fact: Randy’s leftover meatloaf sandwich can give you 3rd degree burns.  When it’s cold.
Fact: Randy's fascination with Kordell Stewart rookie cards started when he fed Kordell Stewart some of his leftover meatloaf sandwhich and the man froze in place. Since then he built a box with a window around Kordell Stewart that looks a lot like a football card.
Fact: Every time someone asks if Randy is talking about "meatloaf" the singer or "meatloaf" the leftover meatloaf sandwich, he just smiles and says "technically, both"
Fact: Randy’s leftover meatloaf sandwich will never be eaten.  Because the last time Randy ate a leftover meatloaf sandwich his neighbor made him…. you know what?  It’s a complicated story and it doesn’t make sense, but it’s Randy.  He’s not eating the fucking sandwich for no good God  damn reason.
Fact: The earth is supposed to end in a couple billion years when the sun explodes. This is predicted to be when Randy finally finishes eating his italian hoagie from Giant Eagle and gets around to finishing that leftover meatloaf sandwich.
Fact: Randy’s leftover meatloaf sandwich has an IQ of Purple Rain by Prince.
Fact: Randy’s leftover meatloaf sandwich is probably better at impersonating a leftover meatloaf sandwich than you.
Fact: Randy's elbow has an IQ of 91 point Purple Rain. One time Randy tripped and his elbow landed on his leftover meatloaf sandwich. 
Fact: Randy’s leftover meatloaf sandwich was formerly one of the 62 known moons of Jupiter.
Fact: Randy’s leftover meatloaf sandwich is the most sold item on QVC. They only sold 26, but all 26 orders were for the exact same sandwich.
Fact: Vince from Slapchop once Slapchopped Randy’s leftover meatloaf sandwich.  It reformed like the bad guy in Terminator 2.  They immediately sold 30,000 units.
Fact: Randy’s leftover meatloaf sandwich is good friends with Kiefer Sutherland.
Fact: Randy’s leftover meatloaf sandwich was the original motivation for a standardized world clock. Unfortunately the abbreviation SMT was already taken so he allowed them to name it after Greenwich England instead.
Fact: Randy’s leftover meatloaf sandwich can speak 5 different languages.  All of them are English.
Fact: Randy’s leftover meatloaf sandwich is filled with ketchup, like a grease covered, hearty, jelly donut.
Fact: 
Randy once wrestled a bear over a seat at a baseball game.
Fact: Randy once wrestled a bear over a seat at a baseball game.
Fact: Randy once locked me in a closet with Catherine Bach, you know, Daisy from the Dukes of Hazzard.  Well anyway, we make love for about an hour until Randy turns on the light and I realize that I’m in the closet with a live Caribou.
Fact: Randy once charmed the entire cast of the show Charmed. Well, except for Holly Marie Combs, Alyssa Milano, Rose McGowan, and Shannen Doherty. But everyone else was quite overtaken by him.
Fact: Most people are impressed by dudes who juggle chainsaws. Randy takes it one step farther: He juggles dudes who juggle chainsaws. while they juggle chainsaws.
Fact: Some people call Randy a space cowboy. Probably because he herds cosmic steer throughout the galaxy between star systems on a rocket-horse.
Fact: Some people call Randy the gangster of love. Probably because they were alive for prohibition and remember the mob fondly for it.
Fact: Some people call Randy Maurrrrice, or at least they did, before he threw them into a woodchipper. It's Randy Jakicic, bitch, get it right.
Fact: His first name is Randy…. I’m a little drunk.
Fact: "Randy Woodchipper" was the original name of the band but when a cider mill operator named Steve took over vocals, they had to change its name.
Fact: He makes brooms somewhere in Georgia doesn’t he?
Fact: I don't know. I haven't seen Randy in 10 years!
Fact: Randy once breast fed an injured flamingo back to health.
Fact: Randy must face north to feed flamingos.
Fact: Like an alligator he can fully digest a turtle shell.
Fact: Randy's leftover meatloaf sandwich won a cooking contest by preparing itself. 
Fact: Randy's first words as a baby were "That really fills my juice box"
Fact: Randy's juice box actually has an overflow tank, so he's able to continue to fill his juice box even when it's already full.
Fact: Every year Randy does my taxes, and every year I get arrested on drug trafficking charges involving balloons.
Fact: Randy doesn't have to prepare food. You have to prepare yourself for Randy’s leftover meatloaf sandwich.
Fact: When Randy throws down the gauntlet, the fight usually ends right then and there, because the force of him throwing down a gauntlet is enough to crack open the earth and send his opponent plummeting into the molten fiery abyss below.
Fact: Randy's handwriting inspired the first attempts at CAPTCHA technology.
Fact: Randy signs all his checks in cuneiform.
Fact: Randy can pee in cuneiform
Fact: Randy telepathically provides Erron with information about Magic the Gathering to fuel the creation of new Randyfacts.
Fact: It took Randy 50 separate takes while eating the spicy meatball to do the AlkaSeltzer commercial too... but only because he eats slow.
Fact: Randy was once arrested after he opened the door to a photo shop and yelled "I've been framed!". He wasn't arrested for yelling this. All of the people in the photos turned to see what happened and he had to pay for the damage.
Fact: Randy once took a slow cruise across the Atlantic ocean. Their engines had failed so he tied off the boat to his belt and swam the rest of the way.
Fact: Every year I go to get my picture taken, and every year Randy comes in and yells "I've been framed!" and ruins everything.
Fact: Every cruise Randy pulls across the Atlantic ends up taking twice as long. Not because Randy has any trouble pulling a cruise ship, but because he always takes a detour through Cleveland and cruise ships don't move as fast on land.
Fact: Regardless of how slow you think Randy is, he still holds the land speed record for a cruise ship.
Fact: Randy yells "I've been framed!" into a photo shop once a year, but he COULD yell it every day.
Fact: Randy only drinks fresh spring water. The other 3 seasons he tries to sustain himself by drinking the liquefied insides of living things... like a spider.
Fact: Randy only drinks fresh spring water. The other 3 seasons he tries to sustain himself by digging his toes into the ground and absorbing nutrients from the rain water... like a plant.
Fact: Randy only drinks fresh spring water. The other 3 seasons he tries to sustain himself by unchecked alcoholism... like Mary Kate Olsen.
Fact: Randy only drinks fresh spring water. The other 3 seasons he tries to sustain himself by filling his own juice box... like a cougar.
Fact: Randy only drinks fresh spring water. The other 3 seasons he tries to sustain himself by drinking his own piss… Like Bear Grylls, but more badass.
Fact: Randy only drinks fresh spring water. The other 3 seasons he tries to sustain himself by drinking the blood of cougars. Like a vampire, but more badass.
Fact: Randy yells "I've been framed!" into Adobe Photoshop once a year. One year this somehow resulted in an image that won an art contest on a forum about iguanas. 
Fact: Many people think Randy can go walking in Memphis. He can, but he can only do the moonwalk.
Fact: Many people think Randy can walk on sunshine. He can, but, ironically, he can only do the moonwalk.
Fact: Many people think Randy can walk on moonshine. He can, but he stumbles around a lot.
Fact: Randy only drinks fresh spring water. The other 3 seasons he tries to sustain himself by fusing hydrogen and oxygen with his hands... like a boss.
Fact: Randy only drinks fresh spring water. Old rusty springs just won't do.
Fact: Randy has tried to milk a cat. The cat got so scared that it keeps the fridge stocked with 2% so that he never tries again.
Fact: Randy has successfully milked a bull, and yes, it was actually milk, not any of those other things you think it might have been.
Fact: Randy has successfully milked a bowl... of cereal.
Fact: Randy is fluent in German, Spanish, and Rice Krispies.
Fact: Randy has spread the flu to ents in Germany, Spain, and just outside a Rice Krispies factory.
Fact: Randy is walking on sunshine. Seriously. He’s not flying, he’s walking on rays of light from the sun.
Fact: Madonna's "Ray of Light" is just a song about Randy going for a walk.
Fact: Randy simply walks into Mordor.
Fact: Randy simple walks into Mordor, but he takes a detour through Cleveland on the way there.
Fact: Randy can pull his own skull out of his face and throw it at you. It doesn't even hurt him!
Fact: Randy only drinks fresh spring water. The other 3 seasons he tries to sustain himself by drinking the spinal fluid from baby panda bears... like Katie Couric
Fact: Randy wrote an environmental erotica novel series titled "50 Shades of Green".
Fact: Randy’s skeleton is the cause of global warming.
Fact: Randy doesn't only drink fresh spring water. He also drinks fresh fall water. He stands directly under Niagara Falls and opens his mouth. It's great, until some idiot comes over the falls in a barrel and hits Randy in the head.
Fact: The little candy root beer barrels got their start when Randy accidentally ate someone going over the falls in a barrel while drinking fresh fall water.
Fact: Randy invented kayaking, and he did so in Ohiopyle, PA. 
Fact: Randy bought a map of the stars in Hollywood. When he realized it was about people, not solar systems, he yelled "I've never seen any of these movies!" and punched the salesman square in the face.
Fact: Randy runs a service where you can pay to have a star named after you or a loved one. Randy personally sees to it that the celebrity of your choice legally changes their name. 
Fact: Randy has been known to punch people, not just square, but also triangle, rhombus, and pentagon in the face. 
Fact: Randy has forced Kevin Costner to change his name 6 times. His real name is Billy Wilson.
Fact: Randy taught Kevin Costner how to dance with wolves.
Fact: The Roaring 20s got their name from Randy's cougar action during the era.
Fact: Randy has 3 settings depending on how much he’s been drinking.  Normal, “Ca Cawww!” mode, and Octomom.
Fact: Randy has three settings. Eric doesn’t want to talk about any of them.
Fact: Randy gets down on Friday. It's no longer cougar night and he gets pretty down about it.
Fact: Randy is able to go black and return from going black as he pleases.
Fact: The Great Depression was just The Depression until Randy made it great.
Fact: Randy can live, especially if living is without you.  And Randy does give a fuck.
Fact: Randy's hoodie is not black. It's quite colorful but the human eye cannot perceive any of those colors.
Fact: Randy cannot visit Disney world. His layer of live mice think that Mickey Mouse objectifies them in a negative way and the last time he visited they scratched out the eyes of the 17 year kid in the Mickey suit.
Fact: Randy once arm wrestled a bear with both hands tied behind his back.
Fact: Randy went down to Jergels. He was looking for a juicebox to fill
Fact: He was in a bind, for some sweet behind, but it had to be over the hill.
Fact: Well he came across an old one headed down to Jergels and lookin real hot.
Fact: So Big Rand jumped on her mini van and said baby let me tell you what.
Fact: I bet you didn’t know it but I’m a cougar slayer too.
Fact: And if you care to meet up there we'll have a drink or two.
Fact: Now you have a pretty nice carseat, but give the youngling his due.
Fact: I'll bet your husbands crocs vs this juice box that I'll get it filled by you.
Fact: He said "My names Randy, now do you like dragons?" I'll make a bet, you won't regret the way this story ends.
Fact: When Randy buried his pirate treasure he decided to have regex mark the spot. It's a lot more confusing than your run of the mill pirate treasure map.
Fact: Randy is the DJ that revolves the hook you're supposed to check out.
Fact: Randy out-played the devil and won himself a golden didgeridoo. 
Fact: Randy out-played the devil and won himself a leftover meatloaf sandwich. 
Fact: Randy out-played the devil and won himself a pair of tickets to see Patti Labelle live in concert. 
Fact: Randy out-played the devil and won himself a cute little puppy. 
Fact: Randy out-played the devil and won himself a can of Dapper Dan Men's Pomade.
Fact: Randy's favourite instrument is the Ranjo. It's like a banjo but it hooks into a wood chipper and makes grinding and screaming noises.
Fact: Every year, Randy gets together the local boys choir and plays his Ranjo with them for charity. He has to move this event to a new town every year as a result of the performance, but it's  appreciated all the same. 
Fact: Randy plays his Ranjo every Thursday night at jergels. He's so popular he has over 40 groupies! There's only 3 of them... but they ARE over 40.
Fact: The less-popular "Dueling Ranjos" is significantly shorter than the cover as half-way through the performance, Randy tosses the kid playing the banjo into his woodchipper.
Fact: Randy was involved in a gang rumble. In the middle of the scuffle somebody called the coppers. Randy was a bit excited because all of the officers were born before 1982, but he realized that he better beat it before they arrested him.
Fact: When Randy delivers a sick burn, it's like ebola and a flamethrower.
Fact: All of Randy’s cougars have ebola.
Fact: All of Randy's cougars have she-bola.
Fact: Wolves cry Randy.
Fact: Randy’s girl is a cougar, Randy’s girl likes to party all the time, party all the time, party all the time.
Fact: White Lion's "When the Children Cry" is a song about Randy playing the Ranjo.
Fact: Randy likes to stand across the street from the abortion protestors with a huge sign that says “PAY ATTENTION TO ME”.
Fact: Randy was forced to eat stale fruit loops and bananas for dinner as kid.
Fact: Randy bakes windmill cookies in a dutch oven.
Fact: To save on electricity, Randy heats his house with a dutch oven.
Fact: Randy and Bobby had to buy a new dutch oven. They decided to go dutch on it and buy two smaller ones.
Fact: Randy is as American as dutch apple pie.
Fact: In high school Randy read the Diary of Anne Frank, when he learned of the concentration camps he for some reason figured that’s what a Dutch Oven was.  When Bobby said it would be funny to give someone a dutch oven, Randy failed to see the humor.  However, Randy likes to make Bobby laugh so he did it.  Ironically Randy was the one left laughing maniacally and he’s been on a killing spree ever since.
Fact: Randy is a thing this week.
Fact: Randy once hacked the Gibson with a Tiger handheld and TV remote.
Fact: Not a lot of people on the road drive slow, but if you do you shouldn't feel bad. Big rigs do it, delivery trucks do it, Randy and old ladies do it... but Eric doesn't wanna talk about that.
Fact: Randy can lead a horse to water, but he can’t milk a Mark.
Fact: Mark really fills Randy's juice box.
Fact: Randy knows how the 3 seashells work, but he only needs 2 of them anyways.
Fact: Randy didn't sell out Jesus, but if he did, he would have gotten a Kordell Stewart Rookie card, not some bullshit 30 pieces of silver.
Fact: Randy, much like the honey badger, does not resemble normal badgers.
Fact: Randy, much like the honey badger, is native to Africa.
Fact: Randy, much like the honey badger, prefers to hunt in pairs.
Fact: Randy, much like the honey badger, digs nesting chambers that are typically 1-3m in length.
Fact: Randy, much like the honey badger, does not give a FUCK.
Fact: Randy’s skin, much like the honey badger, is tough enough to resist several machete blows.
Fact: Randy’s skin, much like the honey badger, is almost impervious to arrows and spears.
Fact: Randy does give a fuck, he once gave one to a homeless woman in return for a smelly blanket and a rash.
Fact: The devil used to carry around a little black book for people to sign their souls away in, at least until Randy signed it.
Fact: Randy has an old van with a big sign on the side that says “Free Candy”.  He truly intends to give out free candy to kids, but no one seems to want to come up to the van.
Fact: Lyft drivers used to have to have a large pink mustache on the front of their cars.  To this day, Randy believes this is what is meant by the term “Mustache ride”.
Fact: Randy gave Sanchez a bath.
Fact: When Randy flips a coin the result is always buried in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Randy's spit is flammable.
Fact: Many people think Randy’s spit is flammable.  It is, but only after he drinks Kerosene.  Which apparently is all the time.
Fact: To toughen kids up adults say "just rub a little spit on it." After randy scraped his shin playing baseball he started a small brush fire.
Fact: Randy takes a moment every day to spit into the Cuyahoga River. It was already flammable when he started, but he wants to make sure it stays that way.
Fact: there actually is a :jedi: emoji, Randy is just that good a jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Jay is Randy's favorite Leia, but Eric doesnt wanna talk about it.
Fact: Randy is too young to actually remember music videos on MTV, but his fan club isn't.
Fact: I like to think Randy and Bobby smoked a copious amount of pot on 4/20 and pondered some of life’s biggest mysteries.  “Like, Bobby, dude…. what if we’re all just here for the soup?"
Fact: I like to think Randy and Bobby smoked a copious amount of pot on 4/20 and pondered some of life’s biggest mysteries.  “Like, Bobby, dude…. what if none of these facts are true, and everyone else is just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks?"
Fact: I like to think Randy and Bobby smoked a copious amount of pot on 4/20 and pondered some of life’s biggest mysteries.  “Like, Bobby, dude…. dude... Bobby... Bobby... dude" "WHAT?" "........ CA-CAW!!!!"
Fact: I like to think Randy and Bobby smoked a copious amount of pot on 4/20 and pondered some of life’s biggest mysteries.  “Like, Bobby, dude.... what if that detour through Cleveland is actually faster?"
Fact: When someone accidentally leaves their lights on in their car, Randy detonates their car with some C4. Nobody wants to come out to a car with a dead battery.
Fact: Randy showed up for the Limp Bizkit concert, and they still let him wear his hoodie.
Fact: Randy misunderstood the name Limp Bizkit, he showed up to the concert and started throwing rock hard biscuits at peoples legs, and then he charged them $8.
Fact: I like to think Randy and Bobby smoked a copious amount of pot on 4/20 and pondered some of life’s biggest mysteries.  “Like, Bobby, dude…. what if left feet aren’t actually collectable?
Fact: I like to think Randy and Bobby smoked a copious amount of pot on 4/20 and pondered some of life’s biggest mysteries.  “Like, Bobby, dude…. what if I had taken the blueberry bagel?
Fact: Randy part owns a bar in Ft. Lauderdale with his cousin called P.J. McGinty’s
Fact: Randy part owns a bar in Ft. Lauderdale with his ex roomate called T.J. McFlannigan’s
Fact: I like to think Randy and Bobby smoked a copious amount of pot on 4/20 and pondered some of life's biggest mysteries. "Like, Bobby, dude..what really is buried in that unmarked grave next to the creek behind the baseball field in Carnegie?"
Fact: Randy greatly misunderstood the name Rage Against the Machine. He threw away all his machine washable shirts.
Fact: Randy part owns a bar in Ft. Lauderdale with an Asian lady named Ming called Ming’s.
Fact: Randy loves to visit a bar down in Ft. Lauderdale owned by an Asian lady named Ming. He's a real minger.
Fact: One time Randy got shit-faced drunk and broke a bunch of Ming vases looking for rupees.
Fact: Ca Caw!!!!
Fact: One time Randy got shit-faced drunk and started smacking chickens. To his surprise/misfortune, a whole legion of them banded together and attacked him until he passed out.
Fact: One time Randy got shit-faced drunk and stole a knife off an old man in a restaurant claiming that it was "dangerous to go alone"
Fact: One time Randy got shit-faced drunk and stole some of his mom’s jewlery. He woke up seven years older in some church.
Fact: One time Randy got shit-faced drunk and blacked out.  He woke up hours later in a pool of blood.  So as it turns out, he just got drunk by the pool at his house.  Randy has a pool at his house filled with blood.
Fact: One time Randy got shit-faced drunk and repeatedly played the Song of Storms on a kazoo to strippers in a club.
Fact: One time Randy got shit-faced drunk and bought a red potion off of a homeless lady he thought was a witch.  We don’t know what it actually was, and we’re pretty sure we don’t want to know.
Fact: One time Randy got shit-faced drunk and went around telling people, “It’s a secret to everyone”. No one knew what the fuck he was talking about.
Fact: One time Randy got shit-faced drunk and got lost in the woods.  He got out by going North, west, south, west
Fact: One time Randy got shit-faced drunk and started asking cougars if they were the sages he was looking for.
Fact: One time Randy got shit-faced drunk and Bobby tried to help him out.  He kept saying “Hey! Listen!” and Randy just got annoyed.
Fact: One time Randy got shit-faced drunk and beat the shit out of Kenny Klase. As he was being lead to the squad car, he kept saying that “Ganondorf got what was coming to him”.
Fact: One time Randy went on a cruise. He talked to the boat so much that people thought he was tripping on something, but he was just shit-faced drunk.
Fact: When Randy performs an exorcism, the holy water he uses is wetter.
Fact: When Randy performs an exorcism, the cross he uses is holier. Seriously, that thing's like swiss cheese.
Fact: When Randy performs an exorcism, the Bible he uses is wordier.
Fact: When the judge throws the book at Randy, he catches it, and rips it in two with his bear hands.
Fact: When Randy performs an exorcism, the Demons he exercises are eviler.
Fact: When Randy performs an exorcism, the possessed kid's head does 3 extra rotations.
Fact: When Randy performs an exorcism, the power of Christ is powerful…er… I’ll see myself out.
Fact: When Randy performs an exorcism, the power of Christ is more compelling.
Fact: When Randy performs an exorcism, the projectile vomit shoots twice as far.
Fact: When Randy performs an exorcism, the demon thanks him on it’s way out
Fact: One time Randy got shit-faced drunk. He kept screaming about the moon falling from the sky. It was pretty fucking annoying.
Fact: One time Randy got shit-faced drunk and turned into a wolf.
Fact: One time Randy got shit-faced drunk and started fucking around with a hookshot. No one knows where the hell he found it.
Fact: One time Randy got shit-faced drunk and actually DID listen to Navi.
Fact: Randy heard a song a few decades ago that told him to do the hustle. But it never told him to stop so...
Fact: It ain't where Randy been, but where he bout to go.
Fact: Randy traded Nate to Maya for a Kordell Stewart rookie card.
Fact: Randy has a motto.  “Don’t hate the player, don’t hate the game, hate that you’re losing."
Fact: Randy flirted with disaster. Disaster got a restraining order.
Fact: Disaster is not Randy's lover, she's just a girl that says that he is the one, and they danced, on the floor, in the round. 
Fact: Randy looks at explosions, but just the ones he causes with laser beams shooting out of his eyes. 
Fact: If a smart ass child gets the hiccups Randy will dangle him over a running wood chipper just to scare him. It instantly cures the hiccups just before he throws them in anyway.
Fact: Randy was originally cast for John Carpenter's The Thing but eventually had to be replaced by Kurt Russell. He kept throwing Childs into a wood chipper.
Fact: When Jigsaw asks Randy if he wants to play a game, Randy is always down. Bobby usually declines though since he figures he can't beat him at it.
Fact: Randy doesn't have any patience he can hardly wait to murder you!
Fact: Randy doesn't have any patients, just people that aren't dead yet.
Fact: Randy tracks his freestyle rap skills with a Legitbit.
Fact: Randy tracks his coup de grace skills with a Critbit.
Fact: Randy tracks his surrendering skills with a Quitbit.
Fact: Randy tracks his bluffing skills with a Bullshitbit. 
Fact: Randy doesn't have any patience, unless you're carpooling with him and you REALLY need to make a stop in Cleveland before you get to where you're going.
Fact: Randy stops in Cleveland because he's practicing his meat cleaver fighting technique for severing left feet.
Fact: Randy stops in Cleveland because of the huge... tracts of land. 
Fact: Randy once took a trip to California.  He didn’t actually leave his house, but it was some good shit.
Fact: Randy knows the melting point of steel. Somebody asked him if he wanted to smoke pot and he showed them why it was physically impossible.
Fact: Randy once smoked a joint with Kevin Bacon, and he was all…. and Kevin Bacon was all…. and it was like all…. dude….
Fact: Randy caused Kevin Bacon to have tremors after threatening to take his left foot.
Fact: Randy has 6 degrees of Kevin Bacon. That's why you never see Kevin from the back. It's where Randy cut out a sliver.
Fact: Randy wrote an erotic breakfast book titled 50 Shades of Kevin Bacon.
Fact: Randy won’t ride rollercoasters because he doesn’t trust them. The same does not hold true for actual space rockets, however.
Fact: Randy doesn't trust imaginary space rockets.
Fact: Cougars trust Randy's actual space rocket, but Eric doesn't want to talk about it. 
Fact: Randy trusts Spacely Sprocket... at least way more than he trusts Cogswell's Cogs.
Fact: Randy won't ride rollercoasters because he doesn't trust them. The same does not hold true for your mom.
Fact: Randy believes you can find anything on the internet.  He wanted to find out what he did the other day because he forgot, he went on youtube and yup, there he was throwing pomegranates at an old folks home.
Fact: Randy believes you can find anything on the internet.  He wanted to find out how much the value of a Kordell Stewart rookie car had grown. Once realizing the price was still low he declared it a buyer's market and grabbed another two dozen for 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy believes you can find anything on the internet.  He wanted to find out what he did the other day because he forgot, he went on youtube and yup, there he was putting out cigarette butts on the faces of mimes during their acts.
Fact: Randy believes you can find anything on the internet.  He wanted to find out what he did the other day because he forgot, he went on youtube and yup, there he was playing a wicked guitar solo with somebody else's teeth.
Fact: Randy likes to videotape himself doing something dangerous.  He uploads most of them to youtube under the user name, Captain_Jigglypuff his newest one is great, it’s him throwing pomegranates at an old folks home.
Fact: Randy learned to play baseball shortly after the sport was invented.  He didn’t really care to know how to play baseball, he just wanted to get better at throwing pomegranates at an old folks home.
Fact: Randy's erotic breakfast novel, 50 Shades of Kevin Bacon, features the orange juice he drank in Stir of Echoes.
Fact: Randy likes to videotape himself doing something dangerous.  He uploads most of them to youtube under the user name Captain_Jigglypuff. His newest one is great, it’s him holding up a boom box under the balcony of an old folks home playing "Don't Fear the Reaper"
Fact: Randy likes to go to the hair salon to git his jiggles puffed. You'd think that Eric doesn't wanna talk about it but it's just another name for a perm.
Fact: Randy has a golf cart.  He uses it as the perfect getaway vehicle as it’s just faster than a motorized wheelchair.  He uses it to escape the angry residents when he’s caught throwing pomegranates at an old folks home.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but now he spends most of his time throwing pomegranates at an old folks home.
Fact: Randy scrapes up the leftover pomegranate pulp from the door to the old folks home and repackages it as the drink Pom Wonderful.
Fact: All profits of Pom Wonderful go directly to Randy to support his habit of throwing pomegranates at an old folks home.
Fact: Randy likes to throw pomegranates at an old folks home.
Fact: Randy once out-drove the little old lady from Pasadena, and claimed his prize in the back seat of a brand new shiny red super star Dodge.
Fact: Randy has created pom poms out of granite before. It helped him work his muscles while practicing his cheers. Whenever he needs a new pair he throws the old pom-pom-granites at an old folks home.
Fact: The first time Randy ordered Calamari Rings in a restaurant, he thought the waiter accidentally brought him a big plate of deep fried assholes.  Then he went ahead and ate them anyway!  And proceeded to get back to throwing pomegranates at an old folks home.
Fact: Randy takes pom-poms for granted at old folks homes.
Fact: Randy knows some pretty dangerous magic tricks. He has one where he will palm a grenade at an old folks home.
Fact: Although he doesn't call it a date, Randy has been known to perm a grannies hair at an old folks home.
Fact: Believe it or not, Randy's Grandma always brings a pomegranate pie with her when she visits. She just doesn't want to see all those smashed up ones lying around the old folks home go to waste.
Fact: Randy has 2 hobbies that are most important to him.  Throwing pomegranates at an old folks home, and buying pomegranates to throw at an old folks home.
Fact: Randy used to own a tack store, but he charged someone 8 grand for a pommel.
Fact: Some guys throw pebbles at a girl's window to get her attention. Randy throws pomegranates at an old folks home.
Fact: Randy has figured out how to clone himself, he calls the other one Bobby, he did this so one of the two of them can always be throwing pomegranates at an old folks home
Fact: Randy holds the world record for throwing pomegranates at an old folks home.
Fact: Randy invented a heat seeking pomegranate.  It makes it easier to aim when he’s throwing pomegranates at an old folks home.
Fact: Randy knows the exact heat signature of an old folks home.
Fact: Randy has no idea who framed Rodger Rabbit, and until he figures it out, he’ll just be throwing pomegranates at an old folks home.
Fact: Randy used to be in a band called throwing pomegranates at an old folks home.  He came up with the idea while he was throwing pomegranates at an old folks home.
Fact: Randy was arrested for throwing pomegranates at an old folks home. They released him because he had an alibi. He was out throwing pomegranates at a different old folks home.
Fact: Randy modded an M1 Abrams to shoot pomegranates. Dozens of leveled old folks’ homes later, the United States destroyed the tank, nicknamed “The Juicer”, with a predator drone strike.
Fact: Randy loves the idea of a battle cry.  History has had some great ones throughout the years, “Don’t shoot until you see the whites of their eyes” is his favorite.  But Randy has yet to pen a successful battle cry.  Usually you hear him yell something utterly ridiculous like “Somebody about to get pregnant!” then he starts throwing pomegranates at an old folks home.
Fact: During a pomegranate assault on an old folks home Randy found the defenses to be completely impregnable and gave up hope. When he later realized that all old folks homes are impregnable he got his spirits back up.
Fact: Randy loves throwing pomegranates at old folks homes. It really fills his juicebox...with pomegranate juice.
Fact: When Randy wants to vandalize an old folks home he does it in style.  He only buys the most expensive fruits.  He loves throwing pomegranates at an old folks home.
Fact: Sometimes Randy will throw wads of cash at an old folks home. Once all of the residents are outside picking up the money, he'll go back to throwing pomegranates at an old folks home.
Fact: Randy loves the idea of a battle cry.  History has had some great ones throughout the years, “Don’t shoot until you see the whites of their eyes” is his favorite.  But Randy has yet to pen a successful battle cry.  Usually you hear him yell something utterly ridiculous like “It’s bingo night bitch!” then he starts throwing pomegranates at an old folks home.
Fact: Randy joined the military to fight against terrorism. As part of his patriotic duty he'd spend every weekend throwing pomegranates at an old folks home because he heard there were afghans inside.
Fact: Randy likes to videotape himself doing something dangerous.  He uploads most of them to youtube under the user name, Captain_Jigglypuff his newest one is great, it's him throwing oranges at an orphanage... but it didn't get as many hits as him throwing pomegranates at an old folks home.
Fact: The top comment on the video of Randy throwing pomegranates at an old folks home links to a video of a guy videoing Randy throwing pomegranates at an old folks home.
Fact: Florida is a state where retired people go to have Randy throw pomegranates at them.
Fact: Randy has a bandolier made of pizza logs. He keeps them warm by breaking a sweat while throwing pomegranates at an old folks home.
Fact: Randy can make people explode using the power of his mind. He doesn't do it often, but when he does he first likes to locate a person with a large nose ring, rip it out, wait ten seconds and boom!
Fact: In a tell all interview with People magazine Randy was asked why he enjoys throwing pomegranates at an old folks home
Fact: In a tell all interview with People magazine Randy was asked why he enjoys throwing pomegranates at an old folks home. He explained that it was getting boring throwing them at funerals.
Fact:Randy usually gives whatever remains of his victims after he claims their left feet to Quach. What happens to them... is a secret to everyone.
Fact: Randy has a tattoo of the Disneyland log ride on the crack of his ass. Now every time he takes a shit he feels like a kid again.
Fact: Randy had a beer and then wrote a presidential speech. Somehow the line "My fellow Americans, Ca Caw!" went down in history as the greatest speech ever.
Fact: Someone attempted to assassinate Randy during his presidential speech, but the bullet was stopped by a deck of Magic the Gathering cards in his pocket. It was just some he was planning on selling, or he would have immediately thrown the bullet back and killed his attacker.
Fact: When forced to choose between saving the woman he loves and a bus full of children, Randy chose both, just so he could also throw the entire bus through a woodchipper himself.
Fact: When Randy has a heart-to-heart conversation with someone, he rips their heart out, and the rips his own heart out, and then makes voices for the two of them. It's a bit of a one-sided conversation, but at least he gets his point across.
Fact: When Randy has a heart-to-heart conversation with someone, he rips their heart out, and the rips his own heart out, and then makes voices for the two of them. It's a bit of a one-sided conversation, but at least he gets his point across.
Fact: Sure Randy will take a selfie with you.  Why not?  Sometimes you just gotta kick back and take a selfie.
Fact: Randy is able to take a selfie by taking a picture of Bobby.
Fact: Randy can make some great Zelda references, but he has to be shit-faced drunk to do it.
Fact: Randy will never eat at Sheetz, shucks.
Fact: Randy will never eat at Sheetz, he’s afraid of sharks.
Fact: Randy will never eat at Sheetz, it’ll give him the shits.
Fact: Randy will never eat at Sheetz, or a Mattress
Fact: Randy will never eat at Sheetz, “It’s terrible” he shouts.
Fact: Randy will never eat at Sheetz, with William Shatner.
Fact: Randy will never eat at Sheetz, but he will do shots.
Fact: Randy will never eat at Sheetz, shoot.
Fact: Randy will never eat at Sheetz, it gives him the shakes.
Fact: Randy will never eat at Sheetz, or any other gas shacks.
Fact: Randy will never eat at Sheetz, he’s afraid of Mexicans.
Fact: Randy will never eat at Sheetz, he hates Shallots.
Fact: Randy will never eat at Sheetz, he would eat at Bed Bath and Beyond though.
Fact: Randy will never eat at Sheetz, he’s old school, Original Mattress Factory biyatch.
Fact: Randy will never eat at Sheets, he's afraid it will give him gas.
Fact: Randy will never eat at Sheetz, he's too busy throwing pomegranates at an old folks home.
Fact: Randy will never eat at Sheetz, but he will have breakfast at Tiffany's mother's house.
Fact: Randy will never eat at Sheetz unless it is built on an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Vote for Randy.
Fact: Pedro voted for Randy
Fact: It’s a bad thing if you hear Randy say that he owes you. That means he’s gambled your freedom with the Peruvian mafia, and he’s planning on turning you over.
Fact: Despite how undeniably legit Randy is, he can still quit whenever he wants. 
Fact: Some people don’t understand why people these days get the huge hoops in their ears.  Randy does, he threw a football through one and won a stuffed panda.
Fact: Randy runs a "guess your weight" booth at the carnival. He always says 44 Pounds. If anyone argues he runs them through a wood chipper until that's all that's left.
Fact: Randy is Shaggy 2 Dope from Insane Clown Posse.
Fact: Randy runs a dunk tank. People throw balls at a little target and if they hit he holds them underwater until they drown. It's not a popular game.
Fact: Randy plays a circus clown. He doesn't wear the hair or make up or anything. But he does scare children, and that's close enough.
Fact: Randy can’t juggle, but you better clap your God damn hands anyway.
Fact: Randy is great at parties. He makes the most unique balloon animals. He blows up the family pet and twists it into a little hat. Corgis are his favorite.
Fact: Randy doesn't understand the game Sonic the Hedgehog. He keeps hitting little hedgehogs with a baseball bat but rings never come out.
Fact: Randy will never eat at Sheetz, but he'll surely shovel shaven shih tzus to share with Shelley  shameless showmanship.
Fact: Randy will never eat at Sheetz, shhhhhhh!
Fact: Randy fired Missy Elliott, because it just wasn't wurf it. 
Fact: Randy becomes immediately addicted to absolutely anything he eats, he's just really good at managing his addictions. 
Fact: Randy looks forward to saving the drama for your momma. 
Fact: Randy can karate chop the scales off an alligator. 
Fact: Davey Crockett can grin a racoon out of a tree. Randy can grin Davey Crockett out of existence. 
Fact: One time Randy smiled for his school picture day and the reflection off his grin sparked a fire that burned the whole school down. 
Fact: The pH of Randy's blood fluctuates constantly between 3 and eleventy billion. 
Fact: Randy once rebounded a particularly unripe pomegranate off one old folks home right into another one. He counted it for triple points. 
Fact: Randy offers special discount package rates on for-a-bruisin cruises. 
Fact: Randy runs a coconut shy at carnivals where he gradually introduces them to new people and helps them improve their social skills. 
Fact: All of Randy's carnival games are rigged... to explode. 
Fact: Randy directs erotic bamboo films to help restore the panda population. 
Fact: At least 3 of the major oil spills in the Pacific have been a result of Randy insisting on changing the oil on the tanker himself, as any major port would charge them an arm and a leg for it. 
Fact: Water buffalo got their name from Randy kicking a regular buffalo across the Atlantic. He just figured it landed in the ocean. 
Fact: Randy specializes in kicking large grazing animals incredible distances. 
Fact: Randy's idea of a cattle drive mostly has to do with having a clear shot from where he's kicking them to where they're supposed to end up. 
Fact: When Randy is at a dance and they switch from hip-hop to R&amp;B, he gets anxious, because a detour through Cleveland is the only slow dance move he knows.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what it meant to charge an arm and a leg. He'd hook up a car battery to your arm and your leg, electrocute you, and charge $8.
Fact: When God took a rib from Adam to create Eve, Randy added BBQ sauce and created cougars. 
Fact: Randy wanted to go to a magic the gathering tournament in Cleveland, but had no idea how to get there slower.
Fact: Randy watched Animal Planet once, but greatly misunderstood what an aunt hill was.  He has a pile of loved ones outside his house now.
Fact: If Randy is unhappy with the way a Magic: The Gathering game is going, he turns it into a Magic: The Casting Away, which is a lot like 52-Pickup.
Fact: His poop is considered currency in Argentina.
Fact: The phrase "I could give two shits" comes from an Argentinian saying. Randy's poop is so valuable there that anything costing more than one shit is extravagant and unnecessary.
Fact: Randy is working from home today because his left feet pile had a feet-slide and his car is blocked in.  His neighbor bitched that they landed in his yard again so Randy’s out there right now with a bucket moving feet from his yard.
Fact: Randy doesn't help his neighbors for free. No, he is paid in pomegranates that he uses to support his favorite hobby, throwing pomegranates at an old folks home
Fact: Now is a great time to be old and love pomegranates.
Fact: Randy can throw a left foot like a boomerang.
Fact: Randy can throw a cougar like a boomerang. Ok, not really, but they always come back anyways.
Fact: Eric wrote a randyfact about Randy finding a fire flower. Erron wrote one about him finding 100 coins.
Fact: Randy once bought a pomegranate to eat, but noticed it was slightly rotten.  Bummed out  he tossed it at trash can on the way home, he missed and made a terrible mess.  Ashamed he ran away.  Somehow the excitement of getting away with it compelled him to buy large quantities of the fruit and continue his new favorite hobby, throwing pomegranates at an old folks home.
Fact: It has been said that Randy can fold a piece of paper in half more than 11 times, but Randy has OCD, every time he folds a piece of paper in half, he has to unfold it twice.  So he’s never gotten the chance.
Fact: One day while throwing pomegranates at an old folks home Randy got invited to join in as a driver on the monster truck rally circuit. It sounded like a lot of fun but he was too busy that weekend counting the holes in a block of swiss cheese and he had to decline. He always looks back fondly at the moment when he could have become a famous monster truck driver. Not because he wanted to drive a monster truck, but that time he had thrown one through an open window and knocked over the bingo numbers. It was quite a shot.
Fact: Randy has headphones... but eric doesn't wanna talk about it.
Fact: Randy once commissioned Gretchen to transcribe the Star Wars movies, but she never got past the first ten minutes. Eric’s still waiting on his headphones.
Fact: Randy has headphones... but batman doesn't wanna talk about it.
Fact: Randy is able to fly, but he only does so about a foot or two off the ground, behind obstacles... so it just looks like he's taller than he actually is.
Fact: Randy is able to fly... pomegranates... towards an old folks home... by throwing them.
Fact: Randy is able to quit throwing pomegranates at old folks homes whenever he wants to. He just doesn't want to right now.
Fact: Randy has only one addiction: Freedom. And left feet.
Fact: You can take Randy's Freedom, but if you go after his left feet... you're dead.
Fact: Randy’s only weakness is retirement communities; He can’t stop throwing pomegranates at them.
Fact: Randy’s only weakness is Kordell Stewart rookie cards; he’ll give you practically anything for them.
Fact: Randy’s only weakness is eight bucks; he’ll do whatever you want for precisely that amount.
Fact: Randy’s only weakness is left feet; don’t put your left foot in during the Hokey Pokey.
Fact: Randy’s only weakness is the terrified shrieks of people being put through a woodchipper; yeah, he’s a pretty fucked up dude.
Fact: Randy’s only weakness is magic cards; don’t ask him how much he’s spent on them.
Fact: Randy’s only weakness is gas station food; he knows damn well how long that hot dog’s been sitting there… just… rotating.
Fact: Randy’s only weakness is airplanes; he hasn’t ridden in one, but he knows for a fact that they’re just catastrophes waiting to happen.
Fact: Randy’s only weakness is his achilles tendon; slice that thing and there’s no way he’s getting anywhere anytime soon.
Fact: Randy’s only weakness is his doppelganger, Bobby; he’s the only thing that’s ever defeated him in a fight.
Fact: Randy’s only weakness is people finding out that he's really just an 8 foot panda bear that loves dairy products... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy’s only weakness is his strength, he’s not a very strong person.
Fact: Randy’s only weakness is the Peruvian mafia; they just keep giving him offers he can’t refuse!
Fact: Randy's only weakness is his greatest strength. Seriously. Have you seen him try to lift a bag of flour?
Fact: Randy googled himself once, and created the internet.
Fact: Randy’s only weakness is not googling himself; he just thinks it’s waaaaaay too entertaining.
Fact: Randy created rule 34 so that it would eventually apply to cougars.
Fact: Randy’s only weakness is cougars; they really fill his juicebox.
Fact: Randy’s only weakness is an empty juicebox; he’s heading to your mom’s house the second his gets low.
Fact: Randy’s juicebox is a Ghostbusters Hi-C Ecto Cooler green tangerine box from 1992.
Fact: Randy’s only weakness are Toydarians; they’re not vulnerable to jedi mind tricks!
Fact: Randy’s only weakness is female drivers; statistically speaking…
Fact: Randy believes children should be neither seen nor heard, but he also kills ninjas, so this doesn't spare them from the woodchipper.
Fact: Randy celebrates bring your child to work day. Randy works in a wood chipper.
Fact: Randy's woodchipper is named Jesus.
Fact: Randy's woodchipper can walk on water, but only if there is a smart ass child on the other side of the water.
Fact: The kids in Randy's neighborhood play hide and seek in a wood chipper.
Fact: The kids in Randy's neighborhood wanted to play hide and seek in the old fridge sitting out on Randy's lawn, but they can't fit inside as it's already packed full of pomegranates.
Fact: After coming across a gated old folks home with high stone walls, Randy removed the blades from his wood chipper and fed pomegranates through it. This way he could go about throwing pomegranates at an old folks home with a siege weapon.
Fact: When Randy's stomach growls, it's the sound of a cougar in heat.
Fact: Multiplicity is not valid for Randy because the Dependent Role properties are not the key properties, the upper bound of the multiplicity of his Dependent Role must be '*'
Fact: When Randy’s city-state came under siege, he misheard the captain of the guard and immediately took three handmaidens to his headroom.
Fact: During the renaissance Randy performed with his lute at Yon Jergleth to swooning crowds of Midwives, Old maids, and Haguars.
Fact: Randy takes women's left feet in marriage.
Fact: Nobody wants Randy to be in charge of decorating the getaway car at weddings. The shoes are still full of severed feet.
Fact: Randy watched some gangster movies and thought their nicknames were cool.  So he changed his name to Jimmy "two shoes" McLarty. Then he realized that only the two shoes part was the nickname and the rest was just the guy's name. Since Randy "two shoes" Jacicic doesn't sound as cool he told people it's just Randy now.
Fact: Randy ran his inner child through a woodchipper.
Fact: Randy had a short lived cooking show. He threw Julia Child into a wood chipper. It got good ratings but there wasn't enough material to make more episodes.
Fact: Randy fails every drug test partially because his piss is actual lemonade, and partially because of the signature thing. He never gets enough in the cup to take a real sample.
Fact: The cougars love Randy’s golden showers.
Fact: You cannot read randyfacts without adult supervision.
Fact: Most of Randy
Fact: Most of Bobby
Fact: Most of the women Randy went out with are cheap dates. They get the senior citizen discount.
Fact: Randy narrowly escaped a watery grave. He was supposed to be a passenger on the Titanic but he spent the day throwing pomegranates at an old folks home instead.
Fact: Normally Randy is throwing pomegranates at an old folks home but one day he made a wrong turn and threw them at a big German blimp instead. When he realized his mistake he didn't stick around to see what happened.
Fact: When Randy left work he accidentally left his todo list on his desk. I took a quick peek and here's what it said: 1) Feed fish. 2) Fix main banner alignment 3) Go to lunch. 4) Buy pomegranates. 5) Look online for nearby old folks homes
Fact: When Randy is in a meeting, children will often show up and interrupt the meeting just to beg for mercy from his infamous wood chipper.
Fact: Randy writes love poetry that's so sweet you can get Type 2 diabetes from just reading it.
Fact: Randy is like a soccer ball, he's just... fun.
Fact: Randy stormed the beaches of Normandy... Yesterday.
Fact: Randy stormed the beaches of Norandy... Yesterday, and he put an M in there to show those bastards there's no place Randy can't be. 
Fact: Randy stormed the beaches of Norm Macdonald... Yesterday.
Fact: Randy stormed the beaches of Barry Manilow performing "Mandy"... Yesterday. 
Fact: A certain infamous pilot was once known as the White Baron until Randy embarrassed him, dodging his gunfire doing a perfectly timed barrel roll. 
Fact: Randy stormed the beaches of Narnia... Yesterday. 
Fact: Randy wrote an erotic fantasy novel about a beholder that wears sunglasses titled "50 shades".
Fact: Randy wrote an erotic necromancy novel titled "50 shades, 1 grail".
Fact: When the going gets tough, Randy pounds it repeatedly with his fists until it's tender again. 
Fact: Randy _does_ have a nickel for every time he's heard that. 
Fact: Randy used to have a job at a night club, but he greatly misunderstood what it means to be a bouncer. He'd throw unruly patrons into an inflatable castle and charge them 8 bucks. 
Fact: Randy sees what you did there, he just doesn't think it's funny. In fact, he doesn't think any part of you is funny. OK maybe that part coming out of the other end of the wood chipper. 
Fact: Randy has a bumper sticker that says "I threw your smart-ass honor student into a woodchipper."
Fact: Randy has a line of stickers for your wood chipper, but he doesn’t know what to call them.  They’re not bumper stickers, they’re more like “last thing you see before you die” stickers.
Fact: Randy used to run a carousel at a carnival where you could catch a golden ring and get a free ride. The only thing was... it wasn't actually a carousel, it was a wood chipper, and if you caught the golden ring, you were already too far in and you weren't going to be able to cash in that free ride anyways.
Fact: Randy's car has a sticker that says "Wood Chipper On Board".  No one fucks with his car.
Fact: Randy has a treehouse in his back yard.  Ok, so it’s not actually in a tree, and it’s not much of a house either.  In fact, it’s more of just a hole in the ground with a bunch of human skulls, but NO GIRLS ALLOWED!
Fact: Randy doesn't have any girl skulls in his hole in the ground in his back yard.
Fact: Randy's hole of skulls used to be in his neighbors yard, and then his neighbor complained. Randy was late to work last Friday because he was shoveling up all the skulls into a bucket. His neighbor wasn't just going to get to keep them.
Fact: Randy just moved to feel closer to his cache of left feet.  An unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie is now his hole in the ground in his back yard
Fact: Randy covered his pile of skulls with a fresh patch of grass last season. It grew in nicely. In fact, now nobody can tell his grass from a hole in the ground.
Fact: Randy has a landscaping company called grassholes
Fact: Randy has a landscaping company called Ditches and Hoes
Fact: Randy reads comics in the bathroom, he likes shits and giggles.
Fact: Randy put ex lax in the pot brownies, he likes shits and giggles.
Fact: Randy tickles babies when changing their diapers, he like shits and giggles.
Fact: Randy likes the candy bar scene in Caddyshack, he likes shits and giggles.
Fact: Randy gave a heads up once. He held two severed heads upside down in front of a lamp to make a lamp shape.
Fact: Randy is actually the creator of Bitcoin, he's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: It’s impossible to throw a garbage can away.  Randy’s had the same one at the end of his driveway for the last 10 years.  It’s right beside the new one and they won’t take it away.
Fact: Occasionally Randy will steal peoples' trash. He does this just for the moral gray area of whether or not it's actually stealing if it's garbage anyways.
Fact: Randy once stole a Kordell Stewart rookie card from his neighbor's trash. He thought it was a real treasure.
Fact: Randy knows Olmec's brother Donald and helps out at his farm.
Fact: When Randy visits Old MacDonald's farm, the animals keep their fucking mouths shut. Randy doesn't want to hear that shit.
Fact: Randy grew up with one of those wind up animal sound toys, but it never actually worked.
Fact: Trying to figure out how much time was spent writing randyfacts is like trying to figure out how long it took to write the bible. It was written by many people over a great period of time.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what it meant to serve dictators. Long story short, he charged them 8 bucks and Eric doesn't want to talk about it. 
Fact: Randy has never beaten Tom, not that he couldn't, he just... hasn't.
Fact: Tom likes to sneak into hospitals and kiss coma patients… Tom is a dick.
Fact: Once a month there's a meeting of dictators that happens in a secret location. The meeting consists of Kim Jong Un, Fidel Castro, Vladimir Putin, and Tom and his pet potato Ralph.
Fact: Tom used to write short stories.  His pseudonym was Ralph Dildo Emerson.  Tom is a dick.
Fact: When Randy sees the word “ass blasters” anywhere, he immediately investigates more closely.
Fact: Don't send Randy outside. The snake may try to eat the layer of live mice underneath his hoodie.
Fact: Randy is a certified snake charmer. He doesn't use any sort of musical instrument, snakes just think he's pretty neat.
Fact: Randy is a certified cougar charmer. He doesn't use any sort of musical instrument, they just think he's pretty neat.
Fact: Randy is a certified cast member of the hit TV series "Charmed". He doesn't use any sort of musical instrument, they just think he's pretty neat.
Fact: When the music tour is over Randy is covered in a layer of studio recorded mice.
Fact: Randy used to own a taxidermy shed, but he greatly misunderstood what it meant to mount cougars. Randy now owns a taxidermy shed that's just a cover for a far more lucrative business.
Fact: Randy used to own a massage parlor, but he greatly misunderstood what a… nevermind. Eric doesn’t wanna talk about it.
Fact: Randy used to own a massage parlor, but he greatly misunderstood what a happy ending was. He'd rub your back while you watch the celebration scene from the end of Return of the Jedi and charge you $8. He'd charge another $8 if you didn't rewind the tape. And god damned Hayden Christensen wasn't on that version. Fuck that shit.
Fact: Randy once tried to make the TV show Penn and Teller: Naked and Afraid. It didn’t go very well, resulting in multiple felony kidnapping charges.
Fact: Randy wrote a children's book about a massage parlor. At the end of the story everyone lived happily every after... except for the kids reading it... they were pretty much scarred for life.
Fact: Randy has a massage parlor.  A happy ending is when it ends with you hopping out on your right foot.
Fact: Randy gives long distance foot massages. You're far away from him, but your left foot isn't.
Fact: At Randy’s massage parlor, there are no happy endings. Only woodchippers. It’s a trap!!!
Fact: Randy thinks there’s an apostrophe in the word taint.
Fact: Randy greatly misunderstood the game of corn hole. But :eric_doesnt_wanna_talk_about_it: .
Fact: Randy used to be in a fraternity, but he greatly misunderstood the game of corn hole. He force-fed all his frat brothers corn and charged them 8 bucks.
Fact: After considering hair transplant surgery for many years, Randy decided to meet with Pittsburgh, PA hair loss expert, Dominic Brandy, MD.  Randy chose to have hair transplant surgery to improve his hair loss. Randy had two follicular unit hair transplant surgeries which resulted in more than 4,700 follicular units transplanted.  Randy is thrilled with his thicker, fuller hair and naturally-growing hairline.
Fact: Randy has a thrilling patient story about his time as a field medic in Cambodia. But he won't tolerate people talking while he's telling it and has been known to throw listeners into a wood chipper when he loses his patience.
Fact: Randy's fortune cookies hit on him
Fact: When Randy gets arrested by the police, he makes them take a detour through Cleveland on the way down to the station.
Fact: Randy has a sparkle in his eye. It's the glint of a nearby orphanage being burned down.
Fact: Randy has a sparkle in his eye. He also has an empty tank of gas and a book of matches.
Fact: Randy has a Sparkle market in his eye. It doesn't get much business, but he's afraid that if he closes it he won't be able to see.
Fact: Randy _always_ gets the last word on the Internet.
Fact: Randy knows what the last word is. It’s “parsimonious”.
Fact: Randy knows what the last word is. It's "bird".
Fact: Randy has been known to drop persimmons on the internet, but he prefers throwing pomegranates at an old folks home.
Fact: Randy drops bombs. Smoke bombs, to be exact. They allow him to disappear. Like a ninjaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.
Fact: Randyfacts aren’t always posted on the wrong channel, but when they are, it makes everyone a little worried that an NSFW randyfact will pop up.
Fact: Cougars are able to make an NSFW randyfact pop up.
Fact: Randy is so opposed to saying cuss words that instead of typing out “assholetrophy” to award an :assholetrophy:, he simply types “holetrophy” and clicks on the first one that comes up.
Fact: Randy’s urine stream is so strong, it can cut through an uncooked steak.  And I’ve seen him do it.
Fact: Randy has a signature recipe for steaks. You don't want to try it.
Fact: Randy starred in the 4th installment of the "Honey I Shrunk the Kids" franchise entitled "Honey, please don't throw any more kids through your wood chipper."
Fact: Randy's favorite scene from "Honey I Shrunk the Kids" is the one where they're about to get sucked into a lawnmower.
Fact: Randy’s woodchipper broke once. While it was in the shop, he tried using a paper shredder as a replacement. It wasn’t the same. It took too long and the kids’ screams got annoying after a while.
Fact: This girl named Margret once froze to death outside Randy’s house.  Yeah, he duct taped her to the tree in winter, but that’s not the point.  The point is she’s dead.  Now get off his lawn.
Fact: After Margret died, he passed her through a wood chipper.  No I would not like a frozen Margarita.
Fact: Randy let Dennis the Menace and Joey survive to tell the story and warn the rest of the children to stay off his lawn.
Fact: Randy once punched a hole in a deer just to see what was on the other side of it.
Fact: I’ve never seen Randy and Ted Bundy together in the same room. Coincidence? I think not.
Fact: I’ve never seen Randy and Charles Manson together in the same room. Coincidence? I think not.
Fact: Randy played ring toss once. He tried to shoot for the moon but hit Saturn instead.
Fact: I’ve never seen Randy and Zodiac Killer together in the same room. Coincidence? I think not.
Fact: Randy's victims and their left feet are never seen in the same room. Coincidence? I think not.
Fact: I've never seen Randy and a boring-ass party together in the same room. Coincidence? I think not.
Fact: The river of slime in Ghostbusters 2 was based on a milkshake Randy spilled on Guy Fieri.
Fact: Randy’s here to collect left feet, I’m just here for the soup.
Fact: Randy can play tennis with a can of pringles.
Fact: Randy is a master magician. He can palm a basketball. He just uses his palm to throw the basketball at a girl on a bike.
Fact: Contrary to the popular saying, Randy believes if you love something, you chain it to a chair in your basement and read it randyfacts until it loves you back.
Fact: Randy has a half-eaten box of chicken tenders chained to a chair in his basement that loves him back.
Fact: Randy rage-quits casual sandbox games.
Fact: Randy rage-quits MSPaint.
Fact: Randy rage-starts games.
Fact: Randy can ghost ride da Miracle Whip.
Fact: Randy will never throw money at women and pour champagne on their heads. Not because he doesn't want to. He just doesn't like to say the word "bitches."
Fact: Randy rides a shuttle from his car to the office. It's an actual space shuttle with rocket boosters. Good thing too. He makes it take a detour through Cleveland.
Fact: Not everyone has control over the success of their actions. Not everyone is Randy.
Fact: Two people are technically Randy.
Fact: Randy sells hippopotamus steaks on the side of the road.
Fact: Randy sells hippopotamus steaks in unused broom closets of office buildings.
Fact: Randy's shoe size is directly proportional to whatever's on sale at Walmart.
Fact: Randy sells hippopotamus steaks behind his neighbor's lawnmower shed.
Fact: Randy sells hippopotamus steaks behind a bush in the African wetlands. _Fresh_ steaks.
Fact: Randy is working on a spin-off game titled "Hungry Hungry for Hippo Steaks".
Fact: Every morning, before he gets dressed, Randy uses a scroll of identify on his clothing to make sure it hasn't been cursed.
Fact: Randy's hippopotamus steaks are effective against hippopotamus vampires.
Fact: Randy sells hippopotamus steaks inside elevators of large office buildings, but only when the elevators are ascending.
Fact: Randy once wrote a screenplay for “Jesus and the Amazing Technicolor Parrot”. Shockingly, it wasn’t picked up by any studios.
Fact: Randy once wrote a screenplay for "Fear and Loathing in the Bahamas". Shockingly, it wasn't picked up by any studios.
Fact: If you drop a phonograph needle on Randy’s nipple it plays John Cougar Mellencamp’s “Pink Houses”.
Fact: Randy sells hippopotamus steaks in Colorado. Randy likes it when the steaks are high.
Fact: Randy sells hippopotamus steaks behind the King's restaurant in Wexford, PA.
Fact: Randy sells hippopotamus steaks without a license.
Fact: Randy sells sea shells by the sea shore
Fact: Randy sells hippopotamus steaks, but good luck lifting up a hippo to nail it to a cross.
Fact: Randy can say "Sally sells sea shells by the sea shore" ten times fast, but he takes a detour through cleveland first.
Fact: Randy sells hippopotamus steaks, but good luck fitting them in the fridge with an elephant in there.
Fact: In addition to his id, ego, and super ego, Randy's psyche also has a mega ego and an ultra ego. 
Fact: Randy can bend over and touch his toes. Which isn't all that impressive when he's next to his pile of left feet.
Fact: Randy knighted Sir Mixalot.
Fact: some cars have cruise control. Randy's has Tom Cruise control.
Fact: Randy can control Tom Cruise with his car, but all he can make him do is take a detour through Cleveland. 
Fact: Randy picks up cougars with the line, "I wanna take you for a Tom Cruise", but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Whenever Randy wants to listen to the radio, he just melts down a few of his copper pennies and wraps them around a mechanical pencil to form  some kind of weird makeshift radio. It doesn't actually work, it's just something he does when he wants to listen to the radio.
Fact: Randy handles hot materials with is bare hands. It’s not that he’s impervious to heat, he’s just not a pussy.
Fact: One time a rival blacksmith commented on the poor craftsmanship of Randy's cattle brand, Randy has held it against him ever since.
Fact: Randy handles hot cougars with his bare hands... but eric doesn't wanna talk about it.
Fact: Randy’s favorite flavor of popsicle is whichever one he’s currently melting in an effort to make a child cry.
Fact: Randy doesn’t like the phrase “like taking candy from a baby”. He finds taking candy from a baby to be very difficult, because he’s not an asshole and he hates to see children upset.
Fact: Randy adopted the practice of throwing pomegranates at an old folks home because he hates to see children upset. Upsetting the elderly is a lot easier to handle.
Fact: Randy’s a massive ageist, and it’s probably due to his asshole neighbor that made him shovel a metric shit-ton of gravel that one time.
Fact: Randy carries a flashbang with him wherever he goes because he hates to see children upset.
Fact: Randy once got into an argument with his old-ass neighbor over a metric shit-ton of gravel. One pomegranate led to another, and another, and then an assault charge and restraining order.
Fact: Randy once threw all of his old-ass neighbor’s grandkids into his woodchipper, all while laughing maniacally and babbling about a metric shit-ton of gravel.
Fact: The police put a restraining order on Randy's elderly neighbor. He's not allowed to within the range of a Pomegranate of Randy. It's for his own protection.
Fact: Randy snorted a line of cocaine along the entire length of the equator.  This is him when he’s jumpy and alert.
Fact: Randy is hopelessly addicted to Chex Mix.
Fact: Randy was disappointed that his car didn’t come with the option of wood paneled doors.
Fact: The reason why Randy is hopelessly addicted to Chex Mix has nothing to do with the taste. It doesn't taste that good at all. He just likes to reach into the bag and not know if he's going to get cereal, pretzel, or weird stale bread thingy. It's the "no guarantees" of the snack world.
Fact: Randy was disappointed that his car didn’t come with a tape player.
Fact: Randy was disappointed that his car didn’t come with an easier way to shovel a metric shit-ton of gravel for his neighbor.
Fact: Randy knows that gas is made from oil.  He likes to think that his car runs on dinosaur blood.
Fact: Randy’s last car was pulled by two horses, but then he got dysentery.
Fact: Randyfacts kind of blew up while Randy was away. If that much chaos can hit randyfacts, imagine what will happen the next time he leaves Earth.
Fact: Randy doesn’t count it unless you go bar downski.
Fact: Randy always goes bar downski.
Fact: Randy’s first time on acid looked a little like this: :party_parrot:
Fact: Randy's second time on acid looked like a perfectly normal parrot.
Fact: Acid no longer effects Randy.  One time he drank a whole pitcher of it, went into a coma for 3 months, and when he finally woke up, all he said was CA CAWWW!
Fact: When Randy talks about dropping acid, he means dropping himself into an actual vat of corrosive liquid.
Fact: Randy knows to never sneak up on a man who’s been in a chemical fire.
Fact: Randy's idea of free basing is drinking a gallon of bleach. It's about as bad as when he drops acid.
Fact: Randy’s idea of free basing is why he was terrible at baseball.
Fact: Randy earns frequent flyer miles every time he's trippin' balls.
Fact: When Randy gets pissed off at someone, he tosses them a lit stick of dynamite and says “blow it up your ass."
Fact: To Randy, a bird in the hand is worth five pomegranates. He goes around catching birds with his bare hands to sell to farmers for more pomegranates to throw at his asshole neighbor
Fact: Randy's asshole neighbor lives on his left but cheek.
Fact: When people encounter Randy’s asshole neighbor, they usually ask what is up his ass — Randy can tell you that it is, in fact, a pine cone.
Fact: You can lead a Randy to Sheetz, but you can’t make him eat that fucking disgusting gas station food.
Fact: Randy has a tank in the vague shape of Gary Busey.
Fact: Hold music really fills Randy's juice box.
Fact: When Randy wants a taco he prays to the Patron's Saint.
Fact: Randy has designated swear word short cuts on all of his fingers.  Now when someone says "Randy gave me the finger” it is important to ask “Which one?"
Fact: Randy doesn't like to sing the song "I swear" by All-4-One at karaoke because it's not true.
Fact: Don’t listen to Randy when he talks about taking a “shortcut”. He’s going to drag you into that alley and cut your fucking left foot off. IT’S A TRAP.
Fact: Randy has a trap set up in an alley in Cleveland.
Fact: Randy plays trap music while he takes detours through Cleveland.
Fact: Randy never cleans his lint trap but he always cleans his left feet trap in Cleveland.
Fact: Randy’s favorite drink is called a shitload.  It’s more than an assload, but less than a fuckton.
Fact: Randy calls bubbles fizzbitch.
Fact: Randy can never have enough fries.
Fact: Cougars often ask Randy in a stern voice: "Where have you been!?". They're not actually going to get mad when he answers, he just likes it when they act all tough like that.
Fact: Cougars often ask Randy in a stern voice: "Where have you been!?". They're usually impressed with his answer.
Fact: Randy has an entire line of adhesive products he's designed specifically for sticking it to the man.
Fact: Randy’s favorite meal is human flesh and souls of the damned.
Fact: Randyfacts actually increase developer productivity by 137% because they learn Regular Expressions.
Fact: There are 6 unique properties of Water. Randy can drown you in it, stab you with an icicle, burn you with steam, cut you in half with a high pressure jet, poison your drinking supply, and slowly kill pet fish in it.
Fact: When in doubt, blame Jay.
Fact: Randy was a Greaser back in the day.  He drove a convertible and styled his hair with Henry’s Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy has a pet T-Rex that shits zombies.
Fact: Randy listens to oldies music.  Randy’s skeleton is on fire.  Randy is the reason Richard Simmons is sweatin to the oldies.
Fact: Randy's pet T-Rex is indirectly responsible for the song "Time of the Season"
Fact: Randy's pet T-Rex is directly responsible for the song "Bang a Gong"
Fact: Like Shamoo, Randy has a blowhole.
Fact: Randy keeps drugs in his blow hole. You probably thought that eric didn't wanna talk about it, didn't you?
Fact: Randy never let Freddy Mercury ride his bicycle where he liked because he didn't like Star Wars.
Fact: Randy does copious amounts of drugs; but he has never done meth.  He could get it if he wanted, there’s a guy at the BP down the street from his house that’s always there selling it, he just doesn’t want to do drugs he can buy at a gas station.
Fact: Randy says Adam Robinson is not HOFF9000.
Fact: Randy has dropped entire sheets of acid, but he won't eat gas station food. Go figure.
Fact: Randy drops acid because it's better living through chemistry.
Fact: Randy has dropped acid. On Christmas carolers.
Fact: Randy once took a banshee Halloween caroling.
Fact: Randy once took Archie Bunker Christmas Carolling.
Fact: Randy once dug up someone's apocalypse bunker, tossed it in the back of a wagon, and took it Christmas caroling.
Fact: Randy once robbed a bank.  He didn’t take any money, he just wanted to get a few of the good flavored lollipops before all the bank ladies ate them.
Fact: Randy once robbed a bank. He only took the copper pennies. He threw the rest on the ground.
Fact: Randy once robbed a bank. He took all the cash and made it rain something fierce. Then he picked it all back up and put it back where he found it.
Fact: Randy’s brother Bobby can transform into a snake.  Randy can do it too, but he choses not to.
Fact: Randy once robbed a bank. The employees were bewildered when Randy asked why they only had milk and not money. One employee told Randy about the birds and the bees. Randy left with many left feet and some innocence lost.
Fact: Randy floats like an AH-64 Apache and stings like an F/A-18 Hornet.
Fact: Here’s a picture of Randy <http://img.bleacherreport.net/img/images/photos/002/318/574/macho-man-randy-savage-1_crop_north.jpg?w=630&amp;h=420&amp;q=75> … Sike thats the wrong Randy!
Fact: Randy locked me in his bedroom closet with Catherine Bach.  You know, Daisy from the Dukes of Hazzard.  Well anyway, me and Catherine go at it for what seems like hours then Randy turns on the light to reveal that I’ve just made love to a Caribou.
Fact: Cougars want to only date Randy. Everyone else can just have Caribou.
Fact: Randy's cougar herd is bigger than the largest caribou herd (about 800,000).
Fact: Randy’s not going to have a good weekend.  Why not?  Cause there’s risks.  He’s gonna spend his days with a bucket moving rocks from one location to the other.
Fact: On weekends Randy moves meteors from one location to another with a bucket.
Fact: Randy’s not going to have a good weekend.  Why not?  Sharks.  Shark attacks.  Here’s his plan.  He feels a nibble on his toe, the pressure starts to increase, and if feels like a bear trap.  So he looks up at the sky, thanks God for all the weekends he’s had, and fades away.  Congratulations, you just died a glorious weekend death.
Fact: Randy’s not going to have a good weekend.  Why not?  He’s gonna be searching for retail space to open up his own hot wings restaurant.
Fact: Randy’s not going to have a good weekend.  Why not?  He's doing time in the slammer for an incident involving an iguana, 12 potted geraniums, an anvil, and a bottle of rubbing alcohol. 
Fact: Randy brings what happens in Vegas wherever he goes. 
Fact: Randy can't lead a horse to water, but you bet your ass he can make it drink. 
Fact: Randy is responsible for at least 53% of the patrons waking into a bar with a "long face". 
Fact: Randy is willing to drive to Minnesota to pick up a Magic: The Gathering card he bought on eBay that was local pick-up only, because it means he can take a detour through Cleveland.
Fact: Randy used to be an astronaut, but the 2nd time he crashed the rocket into Cleveland trying to take a detour before reaching their destination NASA figured it wasn't worth the investment.
Fact: Randy invites everyone to Kings then goes to Moe’s.
Fact: Red Bull gives Randy wings, armed with missiles.
Fact: Red Bull gives Randy tentacles.
Fact: Red Bull gives Randy an armored carapace.
Fact: Red Bull gives Randy a 3rd nipple.
Fact: Randy's 3rd nipple still points north
Fact: Randy listens to death metal.  And by death metal I mean the sound of a wood chipper grinding up a smart ass child.
Fact: There are two things Randy doesn’t like about you, and both of them are your face.
Fact: Randy also throws loose change into his wood chipper to give children something to get excited about on the way to their doom.
Fact: Randy has a double cheeseburger in his glove compartment.
Fact: Randy has a triple cheeseburger in his trunk.
Fact: Randy has a quadruple cheeseburger on a trailer he's towing behind his car.
Fact: Most people at concerts hold up a lighter during the good song, Randy brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: Some people stop at red lights, Randy brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: Roxanne didn't have to put on the red light because of Randy's double cheeseburger.
Fact: Randy presses his double cheeseburger up against optical scanners to gain access into restricted areas.
Fact: Randy’s double cheeseburger has won the triple crown.
Fact: Somewhere, lost in his pile of left feet is a double cheeseburger.
Fact: Ironically, Bobby only has a single cheeseburger.
Fact: Bobby has a single cheeseburger in the center console of Randy's car.
Fact: Randy doesn’t shower with soap, but he does shower with a double cheeseburger.
Fact: Randy's double cheeseburger has enough fat in it for him to create his own soap.
Fact: Randy has less body fat than his double cheeseburger.
Fact: Randy loses weight by transferring body fat into multiples of cheeseburgers.
Fact: Randy once sat on a double cheeseburger.  It hatched.
Fact: Most people don’t bring knives to gun fights. Randy brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: Randy pulled his double cheeseburger from a stone in England and thus was crowned the Burger King.
Fact: Untrained fighters constantly throw haymakers. Randy brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: When asked for proof of identification Randy brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: When confronted about throwing children through woodchippers or throwing pomegranates at old peoples’ homes, Randy brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: When confronted about his hours in Jira, Randy brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: Randy put the "randi" in brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: When Randy returns shit past the sixty-day-policy of stores and they deny him, he brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: Randy loves to enter mosh pits.  People bump into him and headbang, Randy brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: When people disrespect women, Randy brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: Randy’s idea of double fisting is brandishing two double cheeseburgers
Fact: When people mistreat animals, Randy brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: When someone stands between him and a smart-ass kid, Randy brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: When someone tries to dine and dash at his diner, Randy brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: When he hears “Strange Magic” by ELO, Randy brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: When told to turn his head and cough, Randy brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: Randy used to own a bar but he greatly misunderstood when people said "make that a double." He just brandishes a double cheeseburger and charges you 8 bucks.
Fact: When Jimmy Buffet bitches about the food selection in Paradise, Randy brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: When asked why he’s hacking your left foot off with a rusty bow saw, Randy brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: Under US law, when asked to plea to a crime, Randy is able to plea guilty, not guilty, the 5th, or brandish a double cheeseburger.
Fact: After ordering food at McDonalds, when asked to pay for it Randy brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: Randy wrote the song Brandy but the words were more like: "Brandy, You're a fine girl. What a good wife you would be. But my life, my love, and my lady's a Big Mac with cheese"
Fact: When the operator says “Thanks for holding” Randy brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: When he calls Seth at Network Solutions, Randy brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: When asked to answer 3 security questions to verify his identity, Randy brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: Randy keeps a double cheeseburger in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Some people are glass half full type people, some are glass half empty type people, Randy is a “Why the fuck are you drinking piss?” type person.
Fact: Some people are glass half full type people, some are glass half empty type people, Randy is a “That’s enough liquid to drown your smart ass child” type person.
Fact: Some people are glass half full type people, some are glass half empty type people, Randy is a "I'm just happy they invented a Pizza Log juicer" type person.
Fact: Some people are glass half full type people, some are glass half empty type people, Randy is a “I can’t believe I caught as much of your former child out of the wood chipper in this glass.” type person.
Fact: Some people are glass half full type people, some are glass half empty type people, Randy is a "Why does my enemy's blood taste so good if I'm not supposed to drink it?" type person.
Fact: When Pete sends Randy a pull request, Randy brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: When music isn’t actually playing in Errons headphones, Randy brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: It’s a bird!  It’s a plane!  Nope, it’s just the flying fuck Randy doesn’t give.
Fact: Han shot first because Randy just brandished a double cheeseburger.
Fact: Randy 360 no-scoped JFK.
Fact: Randy was the 2nd gunman on the grassy knoll with a BFG
Fact: Randy doesn’t understand slang.  One time he asked if anyone wanted to go to T-bones.  Someone replied, “Fuck that” Randy ended up having to take a half day on the account that he went to jail.
Fact: When Randy  played Doom 2 for the first time he brandished a double barrel cheeseburger.
Fact: When Randy played Quake for the first time, he brandished a double cheeseburger, but he combined it with quad damage, for octuple cheeseburger.
Fact: When Randy played the Duke 3d expansion for the first time, he brandished a double dukeburger.
Fact: Double Cheeseburger.  This meme lasted all day.  All the way, double cheeseburger!  What does it mean?  Oh it’s so intense.  Double Cheeseburger.
Fact: When a police officer tried to arrest Randy, he brandished a bacon double cheeseburger.
Fact: Randy has a summer home in the skull of the sphinx.
Fact: Randy has a winter home in the Statue of Liberty's left thigh.
Fact: Randy has a spring home in the left foot of the colossus, but he keeps it with the rest of his left feet, not far from his other home. 
Fact: When Randy played Wolfenstein 3D for the first time, he brandished a double cheeseburger, and then ate it to regain some health. 
Fact: In Randy the FPS, the 3 key is bound to the double cheeseburger by default. 
Fact: Pet names Randy has planned for his first girlfriend. \n1. Honey \n2. Sugar \n3. Flour \n4. Eggs \n5. Bake at 350 \n6. Cupcake.....
Fact: Pet names Randy has planned for his first girlfriend.\n1. Cutie\n2. Sweetie\n3. Baby\n4. Wood chipper\nYeah sorry that's just a habit.
Fact: Pet names Randy has planned for his first girlfriend.\n1. Baby cakes\n2. Sweetie pie\n3. Honey bun \n4. Diabetes \n5. Sugar Plum
Fact: Pet names Randy has planned for his first girlfriend.\n1. Sweetheart \n2. Sweet pea\n3. Sweetie pie\n3. Sweet! Another left foot. Err wait. No, not that.
Fact: Pet names Randy has planned for his first girlfriend.\n1. Sugar\n2. Honey\n3. Sweetie\n4. Stevia\nHey come on, he's new at this.
Fact: Pet names Randy has planned for his first girlfriend.\n1. Line Break\n2. Carriage Return\n3. &lt;br /&gt;\n4. \n\n5. \x0A
Fact: Randy has experimented with baked goods, though I wouldn't really call it "experimenting" he knew exactly what he was doing.
Fact: When Randy is on the ships, he is not kill by demons.
Fact: Randy invented the first network server browser and social network in 1986 called the Social Network Navigator.  The world wasn't ready for it at the time.
Fact: This\nDoes\nNot\nDestroy\nThe\nCount
Fact: Count Randyfact is an ancient vampire that has been around long enough to chronicle the deeds of Randy.
Fact: Count Randyfact has a sort of symbiotic relationship with Randy. The Count writes down the deeds of Randy and Randy throws smart ass children into a wood chipper to make tasty smoothies for the Count.
Fact: Before being turned into an undead creature of the night, Count Randyfact's name was Howe Manny.
Fact: When Randy is throwing pomegranates at an old folks home, he tends to throw them slowly so that Count Randyfact can say "ah ah ah" each time.
Fact: Randy’s theme song is “Stayin’ Alive” by the Bee Gees — He just loves the groove. The irony is just the icing on the cake.
Fact: Randy needs a hero\nHe's holding out for a hero 'til the end of the night\nHe's gotta be strong\nAnd he's gotta be fast\nAnd he's gotta be fresh from the fight\nRandy needs a hero\nHe's holding out for a hero 'til the morning light\nHe's gotta be sure\nAnd it's gotta be soon\nAnd he's gotta be larger than life
Fact: Randy doesn’t need a hero, he needs bonino.
Fact: After killing, skinning, and then taking it to a taxidermist, Randy named his first stuffed animal Corky.
Fact: Randy once destroyed the universe by tilting a hot dog 45º before eating it.
Fact: Randy inner joins to the same table twice... for NO GOOD REASON.
Fact: Randy has a seeing-eye cyclops. Ironically it's blind.
Fact: Randy's seeing-eye cyclops has an eye patch.
Fact: Randy's seeing-eye cyclops has half an iPhone.
Fact: Randy enjoys all his food at room temperature.  That’s why he eats lunch 2 hours after he gets lunch.
Fact: Randy is addicted to cigarettes.  He doesn’t smoke, he just loves to put them out on small children.
Fact: Randy discovered that his house was built on an ancient Aztec temple.  In fact, there were a number of Aztecs still living in there.  It got out of hand when they started performing human sacrifices in his parking spot.  That’s why he’s no longer allowed to park there.
Fact: Randy discovered that his house was built on an ancient Aztec temple.  In fact, there were a number of Aztecs still living in there.  It got out of hand when they started performing human sacrifices on his lawn.  So he had to call in a few Conquistadors to take care of the situation.  They gave them all small pox, it was really messy, but things are better now.
Fact: Randy discovered that his house was built on an ancient Aztec temple.  In fact, there were a number of Aztecs still living in there.  It got out of hand when they started talking neighborhood kids into getting nose rings.
Fact: Randy discovered that his house was built on an ancient Mayan temple.  In fact, there were a number of Mayans still living in there.  It got out of hand... but it's not like it was the end of the world or anything.
Fact: Randy discovered that his house was build on an ancient Hidden temple. In fact, there were a number of temple guards still living in there. It got out of hand, but there was a nice living statue near the entrance that gave very explicit directions to anyone who stopped by.
Fact: Randy has a web site titled "Legends of the Hidden Template".
Fact: Randy is the most interesting man in the world.  He doesn’t always listen to what you have to say, but when he does, he still doesn’t know what the fuck you’re talking about.
Fact: Randy is the most interesting man in the world. He always has something to say, but most of the time you won’t know what the fuck he’s talking about.
Fact: Randy's polaroid camera takes pictures that feature the Ken Burns effect when developed.
Fact: When Randy shakes a polaroid picture it develops instantly.
Fact: Randy once shook a polaroid picture twice to over-develop it and catch it on fire, then he lit his cigarette with it and immediately put it back out on some kid's face.
Fact: Randy keeps clogging the toilet in the right bathroom at OpenArc when he tries to flush down the rest of his hippopotamus steaks that have gone bad.
Fact: Randy cuts children like donuts.
Fact: Randy cuts donuts in half for children, but he eats both actual halves and just gives them the hole.
Fact: Randy can’t hula hoop to save his life, thankfully, nobody is threatening to kill him if he doesn’t hula hoop.
Fact: The Fray once tried to teach Randy to hula hoop. It never really worked out.
Fact: The Fray once tried to teach Randy to hula hoop. Everyone knew that he was... in over his head.
Fact: Randy has won a Magic: The Gathering tournament by playing the race card. It was an orcish race card.
Fact: Randy has won a Magic: The Gathering tournament by playing a race car. It completely destroyed the table they were playing on, but he was still the winner.
Fact: Someone once tried to take Randy’s man card away from him. After claiming their left foot with his bare hands, he was granted a permanent, irrevocable man card.
Fact: Randy’s man card comes with a disproportionate amount of chest hair. You just can’t see it through the layer of live mice under his hoodie.
Fact: Randy’s man card comes with an endless supply of smoked sausage. That’s how he keeps all those super powers.
Fact: Randy’s man card comes with an endless supply of flannels and axes. He moonlights as a lumberjack occasionally.
Fact: Randy got his man card when he drank an entire bottle of Tobasco sauce.
Fact: Randy’s man card requires him to shed no more than one singular man tear per five year period. He’s never encountered a scenario that he’s deemed worthy enough to use it, so every five years he has someone kick him in the nuts _really hard_.
Fact: Randy’s man card requires him to get into no less than three sports-related fist fights per year. Knowing little to nothing about sports, Randy fulfills this requirement by walking into sports bars and sucker punching people at random.
Fact: Randy's man card requires that three hockey players try to knock out his teeth each year.  He finds that way too easy.  It's much more fun trying to piss off pro bowlers.
Fact: Randy’s man card can give you tetanus.
Fact: Randy's man card attracts special types of cougars.
Fact: Randy’s man card comes with a set of facial hair that grants him the strength of Samson. Randy’s so generous that he donates the facial hair to Locks of Love. There are a bunch of eight year olds out there with silly facial hair and preposterous amounts of upper-body strength. They don’t even lift, bro!
Fact: Randy went scuba diving once, but he greatly misunderstood the term Wet Suit.  Needless to say, he didn’t get his deposit back on the tuxedo.
Fact: Randy played hockey once, but he greatly misunderstood the term “Slap Shot”. He ended up really hammered, and pissed off a lot of dudes with his open palm.
Fact: Randy once jammed a radar with a hockey stick.
Fact: Randy counts on his fingers... To grasp your neck tightly as he calmly repeats "go to sleep, go to sleep".
Fact: Randy counts on his fingers, but because he's omnidextrous, that means he can count to somewhere around 70 billion.
Fact: The band Nirvana was formed when Randy tried out Buddhism one day in a garage in Seattle.
Fact: Randy can't hula hoop to save his own life. He _can_ hula hoop to save the lives of others, but he'd rather be throwing pomegranates at old folks homes.
Fact: Randy used to own a retail clothing store, but he greatly misunderstood what hot pants are. Every time somebody entered the store he would light their clothes on fire so that they had to buy new ones.
Fact: Randy used to own a retail clothing store, but he greatly misunderstood what board shorts are. Long story short, people ended up with a lot of splinters and got charged 8 bucks a pair.
Fact: Some people make split pea soup, Randy makes split atom soup.  It’s the bomb.  I miss travis.  That’s dumb.
Fact: Randy has never done landscaping or construction, but he listens to country music so… he drives a truck.
Fact: Randy has never done landscaping or construction, but he listens to country music so... he's got 15 dogs under his porch.
Fact: Randy has never done landscaping or construction, but he listens to country music so...he wears a wife beater everywhere.
Fact: Randy has inspected many a squirrel turd; he’s found no evidence of nuts.  And you can shut the fuck up.
Fact: Randy has never done landscaping or construction, but he listens to country music so... aliens are always trying to steal his cows.
Fact: Randy has never done landscaping or construction, but he listens to country music so... he spends every Friday night sloppy drunk at the bar crying over his ex-wife.
Fact: The first time Randy saw Fargo, he made it all the way to the wood chipper scene, then he dropped his hot pocket.  Now that’s a good idea he thought.
Fact: The first time Randy went to Jergel’s he learned what cougar huntin’ was.  When he saw that lady in her leopard print, he dropped his hot pocket.  Now that’s a good idea he thought.
Fact: The first time Randy watched the movie saw, the part at the end where he cuts his left foot off… he dropped his hot pocket.  Now that’s a good idea he thought.
Fact: Randy has never done landscaping or construction, but he listens to country music so...he never misses a nascar race.
Fact: The first time Randy was in a rap battle, when his competitor finished they dropped the mic... then Randy dropped his hot pocket. Now that's a good idea he thought, but by then everyone was more impressed with Randy's hot-pocket-drop.
Fact: The first time Randy realized his skeleton was on fire… he dropped his hot pocket. Now that’s a good idea he thought, I don’t need to cook them in the microwave after all.  So long as the mice don’t eat it first.
Fact: Randy loves to pre-heat hot pockets for lunch, but he always keeps them inside his hoodie, so the mice always end up eating them.
Fact: Randy has never done landscaping or construction, but he listens to country music so... he loses his dog, his woman, and his truck on a weekly basis.
Fact: Randy has never done landscaping or construction, but he listens to country music so... he can wrastle a pig like you wouldn't believe.
Fact: Randy has never done landscaping or construction, but he listens to country music so... he makes a real mean roadkill stew.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner but he greatly misunderstood what a mean chili was. He took a pot of "5 alarm gut sticker" to anger management courses and worked out its differences with its mother.
Fact: Randy has never done landscaping or construction, but he listens to country music so... when you talk about charging 8 bucks, he usually gets it confused with one of his hunting stories.
Fact: That's the thing about Randy's hunting stories, either you listen to them, or you become one of them.
Fact: Randy has never done landscaping or construction, but he listens to country music so... he has more broken wood chippers in his front yard than working ones.
Fact: Randy has never done landscaping or construction, but he listens to country music so... he drinks a six pack of Francium down by the fission hole.
Fact: Randy plays Russian Roulette with a fully loaded gun, _and_ takes the first turn
Fact: Most people think that Randy is a pretty careful driver, but fact is that Randy plays chicken with oncoming traffic.
Fact: One time Randy played chicken while riding on a meteor. The dinosaurs lost.
Fact: Randy plays chicken with pigs, but the pigs are more invested in the game than he is.
Fact: The new Ghostbusters movie trailer was so bad Randy projectile vomited.
Fact: Randy’s first sexual conquest involved a female that asked to be hog tied. Randy greatly misunderstood, and now he has an adorable pet pig with a bow tie.
Fact: Randy was disappointed when he found out the new parrot wasn't actually a card, but he'll learn to deal with it.
Fact: Randy sometimes works as a dealer at a Las Vegas casino. He's pretty good at it too. When he's done with a deck of cards it just bursts into flames because his skeleton is on fire.
Fact: Randy sometimes works as a dealer at a Las Vegas casino. He sells Hippopotamus Steaks in a back alley to desperate chef's looking for some quick fixin's
Fact: Randy could end world hunger with a single Unix command, he just doesn't want to take the time to type it all out.
Fact: Randy could end world hunger with a bon fire, but no one wants to eat rotting left feet.
Fact: Randy once tried to end world hunger with a single Unix command. He forgot the -r flag. He was so pissed he refused to try it again.
Fact: Randy could end world infertility with a single eunuchs command... but Eric doesn't wanna talk about it.
Fact: Randy's latest idea really caught on... fire. Because his skeleton is on fire.
Fact: Randy wants to die eating a hot pocket
Fact: Many a cougar have dropped their hot pockets at the mention of Randy's name.
Fact: Randy may have dropped his hot pocket, but he'll never drop his ham bbq
Fact: Randy can make any pocket hot, especially on cougar night.
Fact: The first time Randy was in a gun fight, he saw that other people actually brought guns, then he dropped his hot pocket. Now that's a good idea he thought.
Fact: The most powerful dinosaur ever was the tyrandysaurus-rex, and it didn't die in the mass extinction, it caused it.
Fact: the Tyrandysaurus-rex is a dinosaur whose fossils have never been discovered, but whose existence has been inferred by all the missing left dinosaur feet.
Fact: Some scientists believe that the Tyrandysaurus-rex drove an electric car to reduce his emissions. But Ironically, his fossil fuels much debate on the subject.
Fact: Paleontologists recently uncovered the world's first primitive wood chipper, made of slate and flint, presumably used by the infamous tyrandysaurus-rex for smart-ass hatchlings.
Fact: While no fertile offspring resulted, it widely believed that the tyrandysaurus-rex once interbred with saber-toothed cougars.
Fact: Though difficult to establish through fossil records, it's accepted that saber-toothed cougars had leopard print fur.
Fact: Randy used to have a promotional sports drink contract, but he greatly misunderstood Gatorade. He'd introduce dangerous animals into the local community swimming pool and charge unsuspecting people 8 bucks to swim there.
Fact: Randy used to have a nature show, but he greatly misunderstood that Host Gator. Long story short, he took down at least 3 of their data centers by "wrastlin'" the servers, and charged each of them 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy has all the room in the world to board your dog.
Fact: All the business Randy gets for his dog-boarding operation comes from conversations he overhears.
Fact: All of Randy's senses are to the extreme. He overhears, oversees,  overtastes... but people don't really like it when he over shares.
Fact: Randy has a solar panel on his house that powers the doorbell in hell.
Fact: Sometimes Randy likes to throw a blanket over his solar panel and then order pizza for Satan, just to fuck with him.
Fact: Randy has a solar panel on his house that powers a night light in hell.
Fact: Randy has a solar panel on his house that powers a toaster in hell.
Fact: Randy has a solar panel on his house that powers a the only working microwave in hell's breakroom.
Fact: Randy has a solar panel on his house that powers a string of Christmas Lights in hell.
Fact: Randy has a solar panel on his house that powers the sun.
Fact: Randy has a solar panel on his house that powers a stop light in Maysville Kentucky. There's usually a small accident when it gets cloudy.
Fact: Randy's TV runs on hot sauce.
Fact: Randy has a solar panel on his house that powers an electric blanket in hell.
Fact: Randy has a solar panel on his house that powers a hair dryer in hell.
Fact: Randy has a solar panel on his house that powers an EZ bake oven in hell.
Fact: 75% of the fires in hell have been started due to Satan having daisy-chained power strips to try to power absolutely everything in hell off the single feed coming in from Randy's solar panel.
Fact: Randy met a girl over the weekend who loves dragons.  He asked if she’d mind if he called her “Bake at 350” and she quit talking to him.
Fact: Randy has a solar panel on his house that powers the air conditioning in hell. Unfortunately it was installed on the basement ceiling.
Fact: Randy went fishing for a carriage return, but his line broke.
Fact: Randy can get that gyro wrist exercise ball thing going with a stern look.
Fact: Randy has a solar panel on his house that powers a smoothie bar in hell.
Fact: Randy has a geothermal generator in his basement that powers an escalator to heaven. One particularly cold winter it stopped working for a while and Led Zeppelin immediately topped the record charts.
Fact: Randy calls “man buns” douche donuts.
Fact: Randy calls “man purses” douche duffels
Fact: Randy wanted slackbot to display the bitch sticker fact but went through Cleveland first before he got there.
Fact: Randy is able to win any bid at an auction for exactly 8 bucks.
Fact: The party parrot was created when Randy fed the potion on Andy's desk to a parrot in Ecuador.
Fact: Randy has a solar panel on his house that powers a DDR machine in hell.
Fact: Randy scored a AAAA on "Here comes the Hot Stepper" on the DDR machine in hell running off his solar panel.
Fact: Randy has smoked pot through Shamoo’s blowhole.
Fact: Randy has snorted coke off a ShamWow.
Fact: Randy has dropped acid with a Shaman.
Fact: Randy has gone fly fishing with a Brundlefly.
Fact: When Randy goes fly fishing, all he catches are honies.
Fact: Randy goes phishing with clickbait.
Fact: Randy's not always pregnant, but when he is, it's a boy.
Fact: Randy once went fishing and caught 6.5 million username/password combos from Hotmail.
Fact: Randy once went phishing and caught a 6.5 foot catfish down under a bridge on the Allegheny.
Fact: Randy once went to a Phish concert and caught 6.5 groupies inside a tent in the parking lot.
Fact: Randy put his 6.5 up on eBay instead of releasing it back into the Allegheny. Many consider this to be a selfish endeavor.
Fact: Randy accidentally threw pomegranates at a preschool because he thought it was a nursery home.
Fact: Randy invented anarchy. It was 500 cubits by 30 cubits and fit a whole bunch of animals. He used those animals to serve lunches to people who didn't want pizza that week.
Fact: Randy enjoys long walks on the beach, snuggling up beside a fire, and scrambled eggs made with love.
Fact: When Randy declared anarchy whilst visiting late-18th century France, he just meant he didn’t want a baguette...
Fact: Randy only likes regular sized bags. He doesn't understand why the French ever invented baguettes.
Fact: Randy enjoys stuffed animals, riding his bike through the park, and talking on the phone long distance.
Fact: Randy enjoys candle lit dinners, wine tasting, and throwing pomegranates at an old folks home.
Fact: Randy enjoys long walks on the beach, as long as that beach also runs through Cleveland.
Fact: Randy enjoys going to the opera, large families, and busting into a Chuck E Cheese in a Freddy Krueger mask to scare all of the children.
Fact: Randy enjoys lazy sunday mornings in bed, chinese takeout, and ruthlessly murdering smartass kids by throwing them into a woodchipper.
Fact: Randy enjoys rom-coms, candle-lit dinners, and burying his victims in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Randy brought Bobby along with him on The Love Connection so he could effectively be both bachelors #1 and #2.
Fact: Randy secretly poisoned the kool aid. Jim Jones was actually kind of a nice guy.
Fact: Randy calls machete’s bitch sabers.
Fact: Randy calls Danny Trejo bitch Lee Van Cleef.
Fact: Randy enjoys flying kites in the spring, the sound of a soft summer rain, and muffins straight from the oven.
Fact: Randy enjoys whispering his goodbyes, waiting for trains, and dancing with his baby, in the summer rain.
Fact: Randy enjoys turkey, with pillow mounds of mashed potatoes, butter drenched dressing, and tiny onions, swimming in a sea of cream sauce.
Fact: Randy enjoys the cool summer breeze, a view of the ocean, and fluffy blankets.
Fact: Randy enjoys the little things in life... and by enjoy I mean he throws them through a wood chipper.
Fact: If the things in life are too big for Randy to enjoy, he runs them through a wood chipper until they're the little things, and then he enjoys them.
Fact: Randy enjoys cold milkshakes, warm sunshine, and the last track from the B side of John Denver's 3rd studio album.
Fact: Randy enjoys the sound of nature, the morning dew, and shouting encouraging slogans at trash collectors as they work.
Fact: Randy enjoys long walks, REALLY long walks, I mean the sort of walks that normal human beings aren't able to complete over the course of their entire lifetime, and he likes to take them across the surface of the sun.
Fact: Randy enjoys soft melodies, the sound of laughter, and lying awake at night dreaming of all the good he'll do while volunteering at the soup kitchen.
Fact: Randy won’t save a horse by riding a cowboy. He just doesn’t roll that way.
Fact: Randy plays a lot of D&amp;D, his latest character is a dual-classed H4XX0rB4R14N / PartyParrotmancer.
Fact: When Randy goes home sick, he takes a detour through Cleveland before he gets there. Usually he feels better by then anyways and just ends up coming back to work, which he also takes a detour through Cleveland for.
Fact: Randy enjoys birds chirping, trees rustling, and picking lint out from between his toes.
Fact: Randy starred in a western called "Bear Hand Randy." It was a tale about revenge because somebody shot his paw.
Fact: Some people can tear a phone book in half with their bare hands. Randy can tear absolutely everyone listed in that phone book in half with his bare hands.
Fact: Randy enjoys fresh scented cleaning products, pouring laundry detergent on the floor, and long walks on the bleach.
Fact: Randy enjoys a hot bubble bath, a glass of merlot, and the smooth saxophone sound of Kenny G
Fact: Randy has gotten to 7th base with a girl. I'll bet you don't even know what that is. 
Fact: Randy's idea of a contribution is a full-scale DDoS attack.
Fact: Randy has taken down several church websites with DDoS attack contributions, but he barely pays taxes because of it!
Fact: Randy has attacked web sites that had been shut down with distributed providing of service attacks.
Fact: Randy used to own a Robot Master factory, but a buck per robot master just wasn't paying the bills.
Fact: Randy is a boy toy for sure, but don't go calling up customer service when an accident happens. It clearly states "Ages 35 and up" on the box.
Fact: Randy used to play war drums during battle, but every time he'd bust such fresh licks that battles turned into a dance off, and Randy can't resist a good dance off. Basically it just drug things out really long and eventually Randy gave up drums for the ranjo.
Fact: Randy enjoys painting with water colors, scratch n' sniff stickers, and folding laundry fresh from the dryer.
Fact: When Randy is driving and encounters some roadkill, he says a quick prayer to a dark god and raises it as undead to get it off the road.
Fact: There are a lot of undead animals in the Cleveland area.
Fact: Randy enjoys scented candles, potpourri, and the sound of baby ducklings crossing the street.
Fact: When the arcade game was first released it was called "toader." Randy doesn't like pixelated warts, so he threatened to run down every last developer with a car until they changed it to "frogger."
Fact: The video game Frogger was partially developed in Cleveland.
Fact: When the arcade game was first released it was called "Frog". Randy decided this just wasn't frog enough and they renamed it to "Froggest". This was too much frog for Randy though, so they tamed it down to just "Frogger".
Fact: When the arcade game was first released, it was called "F.r.o.g." and was about the real estate market selling finished rooms over garage homes. Randy thought this was boring so he threatened to run down every last developer with a car until they changed it to "Frogger." The experience gave the developers an idea for a better game.
Fact: As the inventor of invention, Randy owns the copyright to absolutely everything.
Fact: Randy once got a manicure.  It wasn’t manly enough for him.
Fact: Randy once got a maniressurect. It wasn't manly enough for him.
Fact: Randy has a death metal band.  It’s basically a band of spikes he kills people with.
Fact: Randy has a Christian Rock band.  It’s basically a group of people that Randy bands together to throw rocks at this kid named Christian.
Fact: Randy has a metal band made entirely of James Marsters' clones that he tells to kill people.
Fact: Randy has a punk band.  It’s basically a group of people Randy banded together that are as big of douchebags as Ashton Kutcher
Fact: Randy's Christian Rock band has lost more than one gig for showing up stoned.
Fact: Randy strangled 4 people and accidentally started the blue man group.
Fact: For a show called Full House, Randy thought there was a whole lot of unused floor space.
Fact: Randy figures the show should be called House Half-Full, but he's a bit of an optimist.
Fact: Some people confuse Nick Nolte for Gary Busey.  Randy’s just confused that Gary Busey is still a thing.
Fact: For a show called Three's Company, Randy thought that Don Knotts should have incorporated or started an LLC or something.
Fact: For a show called Perfect Strangers, Randy thought that Larry's nose was a little crooked.
Fact: For a show called Mr. Wizard, Randy thought it could use a little more _actual_ sorcery.
Fact: For a show called Matlock Randy thought that people like Matthew Mcconaughey and Walter Matthau were roaming a little too free.
Fact: For a show called Dukes of Hazzard, Randy thought it was lacking in both chivalry and danger.
Fact: For a show called Jeopardy, Randy thought that not enough people's lives were at risk.
Fact: For a show called Reading Rainbow, Randy thought it was a bit intolerant to exclude books like the Necronomicon.
Fact: For a show called Walker, Texas Ranger, Randy thought that Chuck Norris did too much driving.
Fact: For a show called Grey's Anatomy, Randy thought there would be more aliens.
Fact: Randy once built a road to nowhere. It ends at his woodchipper.
Fact: Shel Silverstein’s _Where the Sidewalk Ends_ follows Randy’s road to nowhere.
Fact: The road to nowhere doesn't lead to Ozzy, it leads to Randy
Fact: "The Long and Winding Road That Leads To Randy's Wood Chipper" was the original words to the Beatles song, but the record producers made them change the lyrics to appeal to a wider audience.
Fact: Randy swore off his material possessions. Sure, he loved to put a demon into a corduroy couch or a pair of denim jeans, but it got less and less scary over time.
Fact: For a show called Game of Thrones, Randy thought the characters would be way better at musical chairs.
Fact: Randy used to cheat at video games, but now his game genie is stuck in a bottle.
Fact: If you stick a nintendo game into a game genie you can enter codes and cheat at the game. If you stick a nintendo game into Randy he'll say "Seriously, what is wrong with you? First the seashell and now this? Get some help!"
Fact: Randy holds the land speed record for an adult in a pink plastic barbie jeep at 4.2 mph.
Fact: Randy doesn’t know what came first, the chicken or the egg.  And he doesn’t care to know.  He just wants to know when his god damn sandwich will be ready.
Fact: Randy lost his pinkies in a poker game. Thankfully he had spares.
Fact: Bobby doesn't appreciate it when Randy refers to him as a "spare."
Fact: Randy can hold his tongue and say apple just fine.  Mostly because he’ll tear your tongue out, hold it out and say apple, for asking him to do such a childish thing.  Randy doesn’t fuckin swear.
Fact: Randy used to own a summer restaurant that only served tongue. It was often confused for the one featured in the Goonies.
Fact: For a show called Iron Chef, Randy expected a much more metallic cuisine to be served.
Fact: Randy CAN always go to the mountain, but when he doesn't feel like it, that mountain better get it's bitch-ass over there before Randy makes a molehill out of it. 
Fact: Randy can get Christina Aguilera to beat any NES game for him just by rubbing her the right way. 
Fact: Randy enjoys long horseback rides, the cool autumn wind against his bare chest, and dancing to a silent, sensuous ballad under a starlit sky. 
Fact: Randy runs a matchmaking service in Heaven. It sounds all magic and wonderful, and it does work, but you've gotta fill out like 500 questions on your profile before you even get listed.
Fact: When people tell Randy to go to Hell, he does, but he takes a detour through Cleveland first. He doesn't understand why people want him to go there in the first place. It's just a bunch of electric appliances that don't even work unless it's sunny in Carnegie.
Fact: Whenever someone uses the phrase "when Hell freezes over" with Randy, he just throws a blanket over the solar panel on his house and gets whatever he asked for pretty quickly.
Fact: Randy has a solar panel on his house that powers the streetlights along the highway to Hell.
Fact: Randy's solar panel on his house uses both AC and DC power to feed the lights along the highway to Hell.
Fact: Randy's solar panel on his house powers an air conditioning unit in the District of Columbia.
Fact: Randy likes to flip the lights on and off in Hell to simulate lightning. When Satan gives him shit about it, Randy explains how he's the one paying the electric bill, and if he wants to have a little fun with the lights, he can do so if he damn well pleases.
Fact: When cougars leave their clothes at Randy’s house, he refers to them as “Cougar Pelts”.
Fact: Randy can get anywhere from $3-$300 for a cougar pelt, depending on the quality.
Fact: Most cougar pelts, ironically, are leopard print.
Fact: Randy loves to buy gifts for his cougars. He bought his favorite a jaguar and it ate her.
Fact: Randy can tie an octuple Windsor, and by doing so, he accomplishes all the work he has to do for the day before even leaving his house.
Fact: Randy once made James Bond a martini, but he didn’t know what was in one.  It was awful!  James ordered a second one and Randy said fuck it I’ll just give him vodka.  James asked “what’d you do different?  This one is great!”  Randy replied, oh I shook this one.
Fact: Randy impresses Shania Twain. A lot.
Fact: When she's racing against him, Danica Patrick refers to Randy as "Go Daddy".
Fact: Randy has lost every race against Danica Patrick because none of the NASCAR speedways are in Cleveland.
Fact: Randy drives NASCAR courses by making 3 right turns instead of a left.
Fact: Randy can make a right out of two wrongs, but he'd rather have a left. 
Fact: Dr. Suess once began a book about Randy, but he never finished it.  It starts out.  \nRandy is near, Randy is far,\nRandy likes Pat Benetar.\nWatch the strong man bend a car,
Fact: Dr. Suess once began a book about Randy, but he never finished it. Eric doesn't want to talk about it. It wasn't dirty, it was just really dumb. Dr. Suess nearly lost his license to practice medicine as a result.
Fact: Randy lost his license to malpractice medicine when he published a study about the physiology of the Grinch.  Dr. Suess is turning over in his grave.
Fact: Dr. Suess once began a book about Randy, but he never finished it.  It starts out.  \nRandy once asked a fine set of chaps\nDo you like dragons?\nDo you like wagons?\nWould you wear drag in a wagon with a dragon, perhaps?
Fact: Randy is old school.  Instead of taking the Ft. Pitt Bridge on his way here, he pays an indian to float his car across.
Fact: Randy is old school.  He got a flat tire and when the tow truck came he paid with two wagon axles and a spare set of clothes.
Fact: Randy does not keep snakes in his hoodie.
Fact: Randy is old school, the reason he’s so tiny is because he’s got his party set to meager rations.
Fact: Randy is old school, when it comes to an omelette he recommends at least 2 yoke.
Fact: Randy used to own a purple PT Cruiser to match the black and blue marks that were left when he yelled "PT BRUISER!" and slugged the nearest old person.
Fact: Randy once solved world hunger by turning it off and turning it back on again.
Fact: Randy can solve many problems by turing it on again, but :eric_doesnt_wanna_talk_about_it:
Fact: Randy once maced a deer for taking a dump in his favorite picnic spot.
Fact: Randy once flailed a deer for taking a dump in his favorite picnic spot.
Fact: Randy would have used a sword on the deer taking a dump in his favorite picnic spot, but it was an undead dear and the blunt weapon had a higher chance to hit.
Fact: Randy once took a deer clubbing for taking a dump in his favorite picnic spot.
Fact: Randy once staffed a deer for taking a dump in his favorite picnic spot. He didn't like it, but Leann found it a job and Bethany insisted.
Fact: Randy once laced a deer for taking a dump in his favorite picnic spot. The hunters who ended up eating it woke up on tribal land in New Mexico with shaved heads and war paint.
Fact: Randy is more powerful than you can possibly imagine.
Fact: Randy isn't fired. He QUITS.
Fact: Given the choice between liberty and death, Randy will always choose death. Liberty is for cowards.
Fact: Randy's last will and testament clearly states that RandyFacts will continue long after his death. It also states that he will never die, so it's kind of a wash.
Fact: Randy had a touching and gracious speech written for everyone to see on his last day. Ironically, eric didn't wanna talk about it.
Fact: Randy isn't gone, he was just told to point to his chair and say the abbreviation for mountain.  He now searches for a spell or incantation that can undo this wretched sorcery.
Fact: Randy isn't gone, he's hunting wolverines with a friggin 12-gauge.
Fact: Randy isn't gone, he's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy refuses to use any sort of anti-inflammatory. He's worried it will extinguish his skeleton.
Fact: Randy uses these things when he's on a date to improve his game.
Fact: Randy's Tylenol has a strength score of 21.
Fact: Randy's Tylenol instructions say "For children 12 years and older, consult Randy". When you ask Randy, he just throws you in his woodchipper for annoying him.
Fact: Randy once used Force lightning to jump start a car that had broken down on the side of the highway. Of course, Randy's idea of "jump start" was to blow it up and make it fly through the air in a ball of fire. I guess that's still kind of a jump.
Fact: Randy encourages inflammatory remarks. He wants everyone to have a skeleton on fire just like his.
Fact: When Randyfacts died, it stayed dead for four days before coming back, mostly just to one-up Jesus.
Fact: Randy doesn't give two shits, but he has been known to give away a whole box of shells for the shitgun.
Fact: Last time Randy gave two shits, it was because he fired both barrels at the same time.
Fact: When using Quad Damage Randy is able to give 8 shits simultaneously.
Fact: The idea for the Quad Damage is loosely based on a phase where Randy would stab Olympic runners in the thigh just to see a bunch of people hobble around the track.
Fact: The idea for the Quad Damage is loosely based on the time when Randy was playing pro football, tore a muscle, and accidentally killed a teammate with a rocket launcher.
Fact: The idea for the Quad Damage is loosely based on the time when Randy dug up the grass at Penn State looking for treasure. When he didn't find any he murdered a hobo with a nailgun.
Fact: Anywhere Randy goes, he's able to find at least 3 secret areas by punching walls until one opens up.
Fact: Randy can fit a square peg into a round hole.
Fact: Randy can fit a round pig into a square hole.
Fact: There is an old adage about randy. She meets up with him at cougar night on Thursdays.
Fact: Randy can fit a square hole into a round peg.
Fact: Randy can fit a round hole into a square peg.
Fact: Randy can fit a square peg into a round hole, but he doesn't actually know any square pegs. They're all pretty cool chicks, if you ask him.
Fact: Randy can fit a cougar in his Hyundai. That's all that matters.
Fact: Whenever Randy is surprised by the stupidity of simple humans, he interjects with "Bitch, please" in a robot voice.
Fact: Randy can see the logic behind "the pen is mightier than the sword", but he thinks a lightsaber still beats a pen any day of the week.
Fact: Randy once went on an underwater expedition strictly for the purpose of throwing pomegranates at R'lyeh.
Fact: Cthulhu actually _loves_ pomegranates.
Fact: Cthulhu once, shame on you. Cthulhu twice, and Randy probably had something to do with it.
Fact: Someone once asked Randy if he wanted to play Call of Cthulhu. Randy said "Oh, you mean this?" as he pulled out a gold encrusted rams horn covered in goats blood. Thankfully Bobby took it from him before he could wake the old ones.
Fact: Randy has received multiple Calls of Cthulhu, but he forwarded them all to voicemail because he thought it was a telemarketer.
Fact: Every time Randy tries the Call of Cthulhu, it goes directly to batman. He's still trying to work that one out with the phone company.
Fact: Cthulhu acts as a referee for ping pong games between Randy and Bobby. If ever there's a question on whether or not a play was legal, it's up to the Call of Cthulhu.
Fact: Randy is well versed in Lovecraft, but he saves that for Cougar Night.
Fact: Randy has never played minecraft. He thinks it's a game written by Adolf Hitler.
Fact: Randy thinks Hitler is a creeper.
Fact: Randy thinks that the third reich is the final form of pichu.
Fact: Randy has a restraining order against Cthulhu for unsolicited sexting.
Fact: Magic Eye posters went off the market in a matter of days after Randy called them out for not actually using magic.
Fact: Randy calls electricity bitch power.
Fact: Randy got the Theory of Evolution accepted into the scientific community as fact using a Jigglypuff and a Moon Stone.
Fact: Randy got the term "Wiggly Tuff" accepted into Urban Dictionary by using a Jigglypuff, a Moon Stone, and a Poké Ball gag.
Fact: Randy's been working on his own roguelike for the past few days, and it's already got a few more features than Nethack.
Fact: Pennsylvania was founded when Randy introduced the Super Nailgun to a group of Quakers in the 1700s. It was originally to be SuperNailgunsylvania, but there was something about the pen being mightier than the sword that got people to change it. Randy still thinks the original name would have been cooler.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misundertstood what the Last Supper was about. He charged everyone 30 pieces of silver. Only Judas had it on him and everyone else had to wash dishes to pay for the food.
Fact: When about to be executed, Randy always chooses sausage for his last meal. That's usually enough to activate one of his superpowers and get him out of the situation altogether one way or another.
Fact: Randy's final form has got to be like 40 pages long, and he just hasn't submitted it because he hates paperwork.
Fact: Randy used me as a reference, I pointed them to the facts. He didn't get the job because they were worried he was going to take a detour through Cleveland every day before work.
Fact: Randy used me as a reference, I pointed them to the facts. He didn't get the job because half-way through his drug test, somebody asked him what that magic word was that he always says.
Fact: Randy used me as a reference, I pointed them to the facts. He didn't get the job because they sell wood chippers and sometimes customers bring their children into the store.
Fact: Randy tried to get a part in the next batman movie. The casting director said "don't call us, we'll call you." Randy apologized saying "Sorry, I can't help it."
Fact: Randy used me as a reference, I pointed them to the facts. He didn't get the job at the HiC factory because FDA restrictions don't allow filling juice boxes in that manner within 30 yards of food.
Fact: Randy used me as a reference, I pointed them to the facts. He got the job as a ranger, but he got fired a few days later when some hikers caught him seducing a mountain lion.
Fact: Randy used me as a reference, I pointed them to the facts. He didn't actually get the job, he's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy used me as a reference, I pointed them to the facts. He nailed the job as a lumberjack in the pizza log forest without saying a word.
Fact: Randy used me as a reference, I pointed them to the facts. He  didn't get the job as a magicians assistant because he beats everyone at magic.
Fact: Randy used me as a reference, I pointed them to the facts. He got the job as a waiter, but was quickly fired for charging $8 for everything.
Fact: Randy used me as a reference, I pointed them to the facts. He didn't get the job as a realtor because the only way he could sell houses only catered to the section of the market that was female and over 35.
Fact: When Randy invented time he forgot to make some time for himself.
Fact: Randy used me as a reference, I pointed them to the facts. He didn't get the job at the zoo because the elephants get all freaked out by the layer of live mice that live under his hoodie.
Fact: Randy used me as a reference, I pointed them to the facts. He didn't take the job because they didn't bother to ask him if he liked dragons.
Fact: Randy originally invented the Classy Pokey as a way to get people to stick their left foot out and leave it vulnerable. Some jack-ass ripped off it and made some hokey version of it.
Fact: Randy's version of the Hokey-Pokey started with the left foot for speed's sake.
Fact: Randy doesn't like to dance the Hokey-Pokey. He think's that Gumby's stupid horse is hokey enough without his help.
Fact: When Randy dances the Hokey-Pokey with cougars, it's less about the former and a lot more about the latter, but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Google Maps features a "By Carpool with Randy" mode of travel which includes a stop in Cleveland along any route you ask it to calculate.
Fact: Randy has a carpool. It's an Olympic sized pool filled with  jello and there's a monster truck stuck in it.
Fact: Randy went to Columbus over the weekend, but he couldn't convince him to turn around and go back to Spain.
Fact: When Randy visits a web site, he actually goes to the physical location the web site is hosted.
Fact: Every brick along the road to Oz has been personally signed by Randy.
Fact: Randy is old school. Whenever Randy goes all out at the supermarket and buys a ton of groceries, he only is able to carry 200lbs of it back to his car.
Fact: When Randy plays Oregon Trail, he uses a Radio Flyer. People give him shit about it, but he's got it insured, so technically it IS a covered wagon.
Fact: Randy calls pimples bitch bubos
Fact: Randy has never done landscaping or construction, but he listens to country music so... he dates his cousin.
Fact: Randy has never done landscaping or construction, but he listens to country music so... he knows his way around a corn maze.
Fact: Randy has never done landscaping or construction, but he listens to country music so... he's gone blind more than once off of moonshine he made in a bathtub.
Fact: Whenever Randy adds a bulleted list to a document he's writing up, he pulls out a pistol and empties a clip into it.
Fact: The OpenMouse is just a spy for Randy. He is taking notes then will report back to Randy's hoodie.
Fact: *Exercise Undead* _(Su)_ - As a 14th level Fitness Paladin, Randy is able to command undead to work out for up to 20 minutes at a time as a Free Action. Work outs must be strictly anaerobic.
Fact: Randy calls wyverns bitch dragons.
Fact: For a while, Randy was driving his Hyundai around without tires to try to save a little cash. He completely destroyed his rims, but for a while, he had some serious street cred with the lowrider community.
Fact: For a while, Randy was driving his Hyundai around without Tyre to save a little cash. In fact, he hasn't driven to Lebanon since.
Fact: Before 1796, Randy would ride his horse through a forest south of the Great Lakes before going wherever he set out to go in the first place.
Fact: Cleveland gets it's name from bring the place that Randy would always "cut" through on his way to anywhere else.
Fact: Randy's been known to be re-born multiple times throughout the year just for the extra cakes.
Fact: Everything Randy reads on the Internet is true, because if it isn't actually true, he makes it true, just so people can't pull that, "Did you read that on the Internet?" bullshit with him.
Fact: Randy was supposed to ride from Lexington to Concord ahead of Paul Revere to tell people that the British were coming, but he decided to warn the people of Cleveland first.
Fact: Randy used to be an adventurer just like you, then he took the area below the left knee.
Fact: Randy, commander of the unicorns, woke up to find that he didn’t know where his socks were. In his furor, he disabled all of OA’s slash commands.
Fact: Before Randy got involved, the famous international athletic games were known as the Owalkics.
Fact: Randy once wrestled an alligator while knitting a needlepoint sweater. He was just relaxing on the porch of his summer home in the everglades, wrestling an alligator, and minding his own business when a rogue pair of knitting needles and a ball of yarn attacked. You try to learn how to cross stitch while locked in a death roll, it's not easy!
Fact: Randy likes his death rolls fresh from the oven and slathered with butter.
Fact: The game Megaman is loosely based on the time that Randy's toaster broke.  I mean, yeah. The toaster went crazy, recruited 7 other kitchen appliances, and took over the city... but Randy absolutely would not be caught wearing that blue helmet. Not dangerous enough.
Fact: Randy defeated his sentient toaster after defeating it's recruited ally, Dark Dishwasher. Nobody really understood the logic behind the weakness, but it had something to do with the fact that his toaster could fly and it was being defeated... After Dark.
Fact: Randy has never lost a game of Rock Paper Scissors against a robot.
Fact: When playing Rock Paper Scissors, Randy always chooses rock. If you choose paper, he picks up his rock and smashes your hand with it. Paper could never beat rock.
Fact: Randy once played Rock Paper Scissors with a T-Rex. The end result was a mass extinction.
Fact: Randy once beat scissors with Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson.
Fact: Randy once got in an argument with Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson at the office and beat him with some paper out of the copy machine.
Fact: Randyfacts laid the beat down on the other slack integrations just to show them who's boss.
Fact: Randy defeated 3 of the OpenArc Slack integrations that had teamed up with his sentient kitchen appliances. Randyfacts stayed loyal to the cause and fought valiantly at Randy's side.
Fact: Randy eats Pop Tarts cold because he doesn't trust toasters anymore.
Fact: When filling out forms, Randy usually checks the "Other" box for gender because "Male" just doesn't adequately describe just how much man Randy is.
Fact: The phrase "space intentionally left blank" on official forms is short for "space intentionally left blank for Randy to draw a killer storm trooper sketch." He hates it when people don't leave him room to draw on their immigration applications.
Fact: Randy started building a wall between the US and Mexico. Immigrants kept writing in the "killer storm trooper sketch" space and Randy is gonna make them pay for it.
Fact: Randy once participated in what he thought was a rap battle against MC Donalds. They weren't prepared and they got burned so bad that several customers filed law suits and were awarded anywhere between $1M and $2M each.
Fact: Randy's break dancing skills are undeniable. He's served more people than McDonalds.
Fact: Randy quit his job at Papa J's when his affair with Mama J became public.
Fact: Randy’s affair with Mama J continues to this day; That’s why he moved to Colorado.
Fact: Randy's last dance with Mama J was a breakdance at McDonalds.
Fact: Randy's last dance with Mama J, one more time to kill the pain...of getting your left foot cut off.
Fact: Number 2 works for Randy.
Fact: When asked "Guess what?", Randy can always tell when it's chicken butt, but he always obliges anyways. 
Fact: When Randy has indigestion from Hell, he takes Asmodium A-D.
Fact: Given the choice between a rusty staple remover and a half-eaten loaf of potato bread, Randy will _always_ choose the rusty staple remover, regardless of what he's expected to do with it. 
Fact: When the holiday season comes around, Randy decorates by taking all his Christmas lights, rolling them up into a big ball, and then throwing them at his roof. It looks like shit, but every year Randy's neighbors try to one-up him by throwing a bigger light ball onto their own roof.
Fact: Armed with his favorite knife set, some cooking oil, and a blowtorch, it takes Randy 15 seconds to turn a live chicken into a basket of chicken tenders, but even with all the barbeque sauce in the world, it still takes him 7 hours to eat it.
Fact: Randy looks out for number one. It’s not hard to find Randy’s number one, because all you need to know is his signature.
Fact: Randy used me as a reference, I pointed them to the facts. He didn't get the job because by the time he was done signing all the paperwork, he couldn't perform the drug test.
Fact: Randy is a pimp-overlord.
Fact: Hacking scenes in movies are inspired by Randy when he does real hacking. The reason you usually see a bunch of 3d animations is because Randy usually gets bored and has to do some animation on one of his other monitors while he's hacking the Gibson.
Fact: The word "Hacking" got its start when Randy hacked off a guard's left foot to gain access to a top secret base. Biometic scanners weren't quite standardized at the time.
Fact: One time a bunch of alternate versions of Randy showed up to throw himself a surprise birthday party. It was a huge success, but Randy murdered each and every one of them. Randy loves surprises, he just can't permit any other versions of himself to exist in the same universe... except Bobby.
Fact: Randy hasn't sung his swan song yet, but when he does, it's going to be some psycho power metal shit and several actual swans will be slain on stage during the performance.
Fact: Young women use bobby pins to hold back their hair because Randy pins only work on women 40 and older.
Fact: When Randy is hungry for food, you can hear his stomach growl. When Randy is hungry for love, you can hear a cougar growl.
Fact: Underneath Randy's clean shaven chin is a beard. Underneath that beard is a fist. And Underneath that fist is a layer of live mice.
Fact: Chuck Norris jokes are watered down, pussified versions of Randy’s reality.
Fact: Randy calls Chuck Norris facts bitch Randyfacts.
Fact: Randy deliberately injures people just to start charities on their behalf.
Fact: Randy donates money to his favorite Charity. She's 48, owns a house in the suburbs, and goes to cougar night every Thursday.
Fact: Everything Randy touches dies. Mostly because they’re all 85 year old cougars and smartass children about to be thrown into woodchippers.
Fact: Being thrown at an old folks home is the closest thing that a pomegranate has to dying.
Fact: Being thrown at an old folks home is all any pomegranate really wants out of life.
Fact: Randy is not sure how he feels about Rupaul's driving.
Fact: The term "putting the cart before the horse" does not apply to Randy. Randy's horse has telekinetic powers and pushes the cart with the Force.
Fact: Randy is actually a horse... He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks... and force push.
Fact: When Randy plays a game of horse he uses equus ferus instead of the word horse.
Fact: Randy doesn't know how to spell the words "horse" or "pig." He's just that good at basketball.
Fact: When Randy plays horse, he just throws his basketball at a girl on a bike. When his opponent tries to do the same thing, they get chased off by the girl's friend and Randy wins by default.
Fact: Randy doesn't know how to spell the word "bingo." He always lets his date win.
Fact: It's no coincidence Sega Saturn happened 9 months after Randy found Nintendo crying over another forgotten anniversary. 
Fact: When someone is experiencing a heavy load from Randy. They try again immediately.
Fact: When visiting the Monroeville mall, Randy brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: Randy doesn’t know how to hang a man. That’s a lie, but he’s never lost at the game hangman, so there’s that.
Fact: Randy prefers draw-and-quarter man to hang man. It might take a little longer to lose, but it's more interesting when you do.
Fact: Randy knows how to leave a woman hangin'. He only takes home the best one on Cougar night.
Fact: During his stay with the puritans, Randy was made to wear a scarlet S for his drug-related sins. Whenever anyone asked him what it stood for, he'd tell them, but he wasn't about to accept the blame for another 16 kilo pile of cocaine.
Fact: For $129.99, Randy will crush all your aluminum cans with an AT-AT. He's not responsible for anything else that gets in the way during the process, and good luck trying to get the cans from him when he's done. Randy is an avid environmentalist and he intends to get that extra $3.42 at a recycling center.
Fact: When Randy says "Skidoosh" 16,000 graham crackers appear.
Fact: For $129.99, Randy will come tow your car out of a ditch with a snowspeeder. He'll probably end up getting it caught up in the legs of an AT-AT in the process, but hey, at least you're out of the ditch.
Fact: When Randy snoozes, he still wins.
Fact: Randy ended the Elian Gonzales controversy the same way he handles any problem involving children. 
Fact: Randy has right of way over the postal service, but he never actually exercises that right, unless it's a lady driving the mail truck, then he does for what he would describe as "safety reasons".
Fact: Randy parties so hard, when he does the Safety Dance, several people usually wind up in the hospital with serious injuries. 
Fact: One time Randy's squad mate told him to "Stay frosty" during a mission. What resulted was the Cold War.
Fact: Randy once successfully got some action with a pick up line about being on a vision quest and discovering that his power animal is a cougar _tonight_.
Fact: For $129.99, Randy will land a TIE fighter perfectly on top of your child's birthday cake. This will completely destroy the cake and the table it was on and probably anything else nearby, but it doesn't matter because you got the wrong flavor and kids were only going to eat it because they felt bad for you.
Fact: Any time Randy sees a conga line at a party, he has Centipede flashbacks and will attack the person at the front of the line.
Fact: In Return of the Jedi, there's a scene where Randy knocks a storm trooper of a speeder bike with a basketball and then dances, but you can't see him because of the trees.
Fact: For $129.99, Randy will light your cigarette with the laser from the Death Star. This will destroy you and the rest of the entire planet, but those things will kill you anyways, so it's not like it's a big deal.
Fact: One year Randy taught a boy scout troop how to start a fire for survival in the wilderness by delivering a sick burn via freestyle rap skills. A smart ass boy scout pointed out that if you're alone, you have no one to deliver a sick burn too. Randy thought for a moment, "I guess you could use wood to start a fire instead" and proceeded to use that child as a volunteer for a wood chipper demonstration.
Fact: Randy attends every spelling bee in the tri-state area. It's not that he enjoys it, but he only grinds up winners in his wood chipper.
Fact: Randy submitted a formal letter of complaint to R. Kelly citing at least 341 things wrong with a little bump and grind.
Fact: Randy is not gonna write you a love song, but he will write you a formal letter of complaint if you write about throwing children into a wood chipper without doing proper research.
Fact: Every year there's one less team playing in Little League in Carnegie.
Fact: Randy won't write you the love song you deserve, he'll write you the love song you need.
Fact: Randy is not gonna write you a love song, but he probably already wrote one to all of your aunts.
Fact: Randy's favorite movie is Mamma-Mia. Mostly because Meryl Streep is WAY too old to play the mom... and he's o.k. with that.
Fact: Randy showed up to the Soles4Souls event hoping to turn some of his leftovers into a nice profit by reselling to Satan.
Fact: Randy's shoe donation was turned down at Soles4Souls. They need the whole pair, not just the left ones.
Fact: Randy's not one to put his foot in his mouth because he said something stupid. Sometimes he's just in the mood for some sole food.
Fact: For $129.99, Randy will allow you to display your presentation using his droid's projector. If the bulb burns out during the presentation though, you're on the hook for it, and those things will run you a lot more than $129.99.
Fact: Randy is unsure why anyone needs him to sign the bottom of a bottle, but he'll do it for 8 bucks.
Fact: For $129.99, Randy will throw a quarter into the air and show you his sharp shooter skills with a blaster. He trained at the storm trooper academy so he usually ends up shooting out all the tires, wounding an old lady, and catching the nearest house on fire, but it looks pretty impressive... and by that point everyone forgot about the quarter anyway.
Fact: Randy isn't worried about being caught dead wearing anything. Nothing can kill him, but even if it did, he'd rise again as a zoombie, and unless you went to Cleveland ahead of time and waited for him, there's no way you'd be able to catch him anyways.
Fact: The last time Randy went to hell he did not take the detour through Cleveland. Everyone else has to on their way to hell and Randy wanted to be different.
Fact: Randy adopted a section of the highway to hell, and his charitable contribution keeps it tidy and well maintained.
Fact: For $129.99, Randy will replace your garbage disposal and install a real-life dianoga in it's place. It won't actually eat your trash, in fact, it'll probably irreparably damage your plumbing, but come on, how many people can say they've got a dianoga under their sink?
Fact: For $129.99, Randy will quietly butcher the Ewok you hit on a back country road. It's not like you meant to do it, and it's a shame to let all that meat go to waste. Randy isn't going to tell the game warden, but he will want to keep a few steaks for himself as part of the deal.
Fact: For $129.99, Randy will bust you out of prison by disguising himself as a storm trooper. As soon as he gets the chance though, he's going to take off that helmet because it's too hot inside of it, and his cover will be blown, so he'll call the whole thing off, but at least he tried. No, you don't get your $129.99 back.
Fact: For $129.99, Randy will do your daughter's (or son's, this is the 21st century) hair just like Princess Leia. That is to say he'll twist it into a knot and you'll probably have to just shave your child's head by the time Randy is done, but Randy has a great special running right now on lightsaber haircuts as well.
Fact: For $129.99, Randy will shave your child's head with a lightsaber. That's just about as safe as it sounds, but the odds are in your child's favor compared to the wood chipper.
Fact: The special part of Randy's lightsaber haircut special isn't the price. I mean, $129.99 is pretty freaking expensive. The special part is he guarantees that he won't throw your child into his woodchipper if you pay the money. However, as soon as he has your cash, he throws your smart ass kid into the woodchipper anyway, because NO GUARANTEES!
Fact: For $129.99, Randy will wrangle your cattle back into the pasture from the back of a Taun Taun. He's not responsible for any banthas that may end up in there with them. REMEMBER TO CLOSE THE FUCKING GATE NEXT TIME.
Fact: Randy does his part by recycling metal. He takes garage bands to the scarp yard and collects about $3.42 if you include their fake swords and chainmail guitar straps.
Fact: Last Thursday Randy caught a cougar staring at his package. It was a box full of juice boxes, he orders them in bulk.
Fact: Randy's package is the only package he can't sign for, at least without a mirror and something to rebound off of.
Fact: Randy runs his own recycling center, but he doesn't consider aluminum to be "metal" enough for him to recycle. He only deals in blood-stained iron and cursed steel.
Fact: Randy runs his own metal cult. To be initiated, you have to survive the baptism by blades, which involves being tossed into a wood chipper.
Fact: Randy runs his own metal cult. He's currently the only member.
Fact: Forced into a life of servitude and ritual sacrifice, Randy's wood chipper isn't always as "chipper" as you might expect.
Fact: Randy runs his own metal cult. He currently has an out-reach program running for smart-ass children.
Fact: Forced into a life of servitude and ritual sacrifice, Randy's wood chipper isn't always as "chipper" as you might expect, but whenever Randy looks it's direct it damn well better be smiling, even if it's a fake one.
Fact: Randy ran his last wood chipper through a metal chipper when it showed an ounce of remorse.
Fact: Randy runs his own metal cult. They have a face painting booth at the local fair every year. The children love it but the parents aren't sure how sanitary goat blood really is.
Fact: Randy has never passed a drug test. That’s because he receives constant infusions of tiger blood. Also he does a _lot_ of cocaine.
Fact: Randy runs through lots of wood chippers. The bones jam up the poor machines, which Randy often misinterprets as a sign of remorse.
Fact: Randy used to run through a lot of wood chippers.  He learned to roast the bones first to get them through easier.
Fact: On a scale from 1 to 10, Randy scored a "Skidoosh" on his last drug test.
Fact: Randy used to run through a lot of wood chippers. How he made it through them, no one knows, but clearly he’s expecting other people to duplicate his success
Fact: When Randy gets really upset he gets all tough and tells Bobby "best hold me back, bro!". Bobby doesn't actually hold him back because he doesn't understand the phrase, but they both laugh because they're actually brothers.
Fact: Last time Bobby tried to hold Randy back, Randy ripped his arms off. Fortunately Randy is a virtuo-sew with a needle.
Fact: Despite Neil Young's claims Randy is the only one who has seen the needle and the damage done. He apologized to Bobby and promised to never rip his arms off again.
Fact: Randy starts peoples sentences for them.
Fact: If Randy wants your opinion he'll give it to you... and it will be exactly what you were going to say anyway. You'd be surprised how 'in-tune' Randy is with other people's emotions.
Fact: Randy knows the perfect thing to say, every single time… he cuts off someone’s left foot. Seriously, his one-liners are on-fucking-point.
Fact: Randy has a thing for Jack Nicholson, especially when he played the Joker.  Randy says "did you ever dance with the devil in the pale moonlight?" each time he chops off a right foot.
Fact: Randy once taught a woodshop class, but he figured that as a "drill instructor" it was his duty to berate the students, and most of them couldn't hold up to the punishment.
Fact: Randy once taught a woodshop class, but he figured that as a "drill instructor" it was his duty to aerate the students, and most of them couldn't survive the treatment.
Fact: Randy once taught a woodshop class, but he figured that as a "drill instructor" it was his duty to serrate the students, and most of them ... I don't know where I'm going with this.
Fact: Randy once taught a woodshop class, but he figured that as a "drill instructor" it was his duty to serrate the students, but only half of the students passed the course.
Fact: Randy once taught a woodshop class, but he figured that as a "drill instructor" it was his duty to de-rate the students, and as a result, none of them actually received a grade for the class.
Fact: Randy once taught a woodshop class, but he figured that as a "drill instructor" it was his duty to iterate the students, and as a result, Randy had several "parent teacher conferences" with their moms.
Fact: Randy disabled the ringtone on Charlie's phone and received the No-Bell Peace Prize.
Fact: Randy once taught a woodshop class, but he figured that as a “drill instructor” it was his duty to penetrate the… nevermind, Eric doesn’t wanna talk about it.
Fact: Randy hates chatroulette. Every other chatter is Tom.
Fact: Randy has been saving up plastic bags for years as a sackrifice to the bag-god, Sa'tchel.
Fact: A watched pot never boils, unless Randy is watching it, not because he can shoot lasers out of his eyes and heat the pot up, but because if it's not boiling, he gets upset and starts to cry, and Randy cries tears of lava.
Fact: Randy is a master of scat. Not because of his freestyle vocal musical ability, but because of the short period where he had a job as a ranger. He learned a lot about wildlife excrement.
Fact: The early bird gets the worm. Not because there are no more worms to be gotten, but because Randy kills the rest of the lazy fucking birds that _didn’t_ take the initiative.
Fact: If Randy's bird is too late for the worm, he picks it up, and throws it so hard it actually travels back in time. It gets the worm, kinda, but it's more accurate to say it just leaves a feathery crater where a worm once existed.
Fact: Randy doesn’t put his right foot forward; he puts one of his left feet forward, for obvious reasons.
Fact: Randy keeps a rabbit foot on him at all times. You know damn well _which_ rabbit foot.
Fact: Randy calls all women "Eileen". You know damn well which way they lean.
Fact: Dexy's Midnight Runners are running away from Randy.
Fact: Randy likes to throw boots on the tires of cars. you know _damn well_ which side he puts the boot on.
Fact: Randy calls all women "Eileen" and sings his favorite song to them... but Eric doesn't wanna talk about it
Fact: Randy has a pistol he's named "sudo", which he uses to override permissions on commands he wants executed.
Fact: Randy especially likes to use his SudoGun to change privileges on files and directories. After executing his commands, he typically ends it with “It’s just been revoked."
Fact: There is no commando that Randy can't execute, but if there was, he'd use his SudoGun.
Fact: Randy's SudoGun runs as a daily cronjob but asks for confirmation before executing. It's a semi-automatic.
Fact: Randy can use his SudoGun to rip trees out of the ground even if he doesn't have root access.
Fact: Randy's SudoGun has a pistol grep.
Fact: Don't mess with Randy when he's got his SudoGun because he's got his finger on the trigger.
Fact: Randy's had to kill a man with his SudoGun. That's why command documentation is so bad.
Fact: When Randy beats around the bush, everyone in the bush and the bush itself still must make a saving throw versus Randy or take 3d6 bludgeoning damage each.
Fact: *Freestyle Rap* _Ex_ - At will, Randy is able to spit some dope lyrics. When this attack is directed at a single foe, they receive 2d12 fire damage (no saving throw) and must make a constitution check against to avoid contracting a disease as a result of a sick burn. If the victim is immune to fire and disease, they still receive an additional 1d8 bludgeoning damage because Randy's beats is always fresh.
Fact: To Randy every zoo is a petting zoo.
Fact: To Randy, the mountain lion exhibit is a heavy petting zoo.
Fact: Randy has written his own black metal version of Romeo and Juliet in satanic pentagrameter. The script calls for the entire cast to actually murder each other or commit suicide during the performance.
Fact: Every time Randy passes through Cleveland on his way somewhere else, a voice calls out from the heavens saying "CHECKPOINT!" and his time is extended.
Fact: When Randy rips a nasty one, do not use your shirt to cover your nose. He _will_ assume you're a ninja, and he _will_ kill you.
Fact: When Randy says "you're dead to me" it doesn't mean he's cutting you out of his life. It means you better watch your back because he's coming to kill you. You won't know when, you won't know where, but you might know how because he's warming up his woodchipper already.
Fact: When Randy cuts you out of his life, he does so one piece at a time.
Fact: When Randy cuts you out of his life, he starts with the left foot.
Fact: Randy invented the sport Ninja Golf. It was so influential that the Atari game spontaneously appeared on store shelves the next day.
Fact: Randy taught Bill Gates how to fire a gun without pulling the trigger.
Fact: Randy taught Steve Ballmer how to yell uncontrollably without pulling the trigger. It's part of his executive anger management training package.
Fact: Randy made a cute little set of paper dolls by repeatedly folding his life and then cutting you out of it. 
Fact: When Randy wants a block of cheese, and all he has is shredded, he uses a cheese less than. 
Fact: Randy hasn't bothered switching to Geico because he figures it'll only save him 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy sometimes melts down his copper pennies to make gecko statues. He can increase the copper's value by 15% or more by sculpting them into Geico!
Fact: When Moses came down from the mountain, Randy had constructed a chocolate calf next to the golden one. Nobody worshipped it, but it made chocolate milk which was kind of neat. 
Fact: Every time you hear a whip crack in a song, Randy is cracking it. 
Fact: Every time you hear someone yell "ow!" in a song, it's because Randy is cracking a whip. 
Fact: Every time you hear a siren in a song, it's because an ambulance is on its way to treat the person Randy just cracked with a whip.
Fact: The milkyway galaxy is actually a giant candy bar that Randy got for halloween one year but left sitting in a bag at the back of the cupboard. He prefers snickers, so we're safe.
Fact: Randy's lactose intolerance has gotten way out of hand. He's actually been brought up on lactose hate crime charges involving a cow and interstellar travel.
Fact: Randy invented milk snakes, milk weed, milk of magnesia, and coconut milk. Even though he hates cows, he's oddly fixated on them. It's really creepy.
Fact: Whenever someone asks Randy "Where is your god, now?" he just sends him a text. Randy may have used up all their shared minutes, but he can still send texts to phones on the same plan without incurring extra charges.
Fact: After firing a bazooka and blasting his opponent to tiny bits Randy has been known to say "Let god sort 'em out!". It's totally coincidence. He's playing a game of 52 pickup and it's god's turn.
Fact: Randy wrote God a bubble sort algorithm to help sort 'em out every time someone decided to kill them all.
Fact: All magic comes at a price, if you get your magic from Randy, that price is 8 bucks.
Fact: When playing D&amp;D whitebox Randy surpassed the 3rd level wizard spell limit on his first day. So he critically succeeded his grapple roll and held Gary Gygax out of a tower window until he wrote RedBox and expanded up to 9th level spells. Unbeknownst to Randy, Gygax purposefully reduced the falling damage by a factor of 10 in future releases. This was corrected decades later. He figured Randy forgot about the incident.
Fact: Randy can wrestle a bear while tackling a cougar
Fact: The street value of 16 kilos of UnunRandium is 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy told the periodic table to do something dangerous so it created the element Francium.
Fact: Whenever you hear a cougar growl in a song, it's because the action in Randy's trailer spilled out into the recording studio and they decided to just roll with it.
Fact: If you listen closely to the song Love Rollercoaster by the Ohio Players you can hear Randy spill his juice box in a trailer near the recording studio, but they decided to just roll with it.
Fact: If you listen closely to the song Love Rollercoaster by the Ohio Players backwards you can hear Randy fill his juice box in a trailer near the recording studio.
Fact: If you listen closely to the song Return to Innocence by Enigma backwards, you can hear Caleb submitting a Randyfact.
Fact: Randyfacts are just a secret OpenArc plot to get people to learn Regular Expressions.
Fact: Randy originally starred in a film titled "Ghost Ballas" where him and his homies did drive-bys on haunted houses. Ghost Busters was a cheap rip-off of it, and significantly less gangsta.
Fact: Randy also starred in a film title "Ghost Balls", which was the adult version of "Ghost Ballas". but :eric_doesnt_wanna_talk_about_it:
Fact: Randy doesn't like playing Risk because it isn't nearly as dangerous as the name implies.
Fact: Most people call them the 7 deadly sins. Randy calls it Tuesday night.
Fact: Randy overclocked his skeleton before getting a liquid cooling system.
Fact: Randy has a Hokey-Pokeball that catches people's left feet when they stick them out.
Fact: When offered pain flavored ice cream, Randy always chooses the sledge when given the choice.
Fact: 2 ft of butt crack is the last thing any of Randy's  enemies sees.
Fact: Randy has seen 2 left ft. O' Buttcrack.
Fact: Randy would rather have a frontal lobotomy. A bottle in front of him just isn't dangerous enough. 
Fact: Randy once successfully got some action with a pick up line about there being a Diglett underneath her clothes and needing to remove them in order to win at Pokemon Go.
Fact: Randy got Pokemon Go mixed up with Counterstrike: GO and wound up in the middle east trying to capture terrorists to make them battle each other.
Fact: Randy went to visit the Large Hadron Collider, he stood next to it and compared, and made some comment about the word "large" being a bit misleading, then someone reminded him it was "hadron".
Fact: When Randy was first told about the Large Hadron Collider he retorted, "Hadron? I hardly even know Ron!". Wait, nevermind, that was Travis. But it would have been more epic if Randy said it.
Fact: Randy doesn't know about that Lord of the Rings bullshit. It's nothing like Star Wars.
Fact: Randy calls simply walking into Mordor bitch Kessel run.
Fact: Randy calls balrogs bitch rancors.
Fact: Randy calls Gandalf the Gray bitch Gandalf the White.
Fact: Randy is both the first and second most powerful wizards in Middle Earth, he had Bobby fill in so he could take another slot, but Randy actually does all Bobby's magic for him.
Fact: Randy takes both the red pill and the blue pill, and wakes up in his own bed with full knowledge of how far that rabbit hole goes.
Fact: Randy can simply walk into Mordor in 2.6 parsecs.
Fact: Randy completed the Beedrill Run in 2.6 Parasects.
Fact: Randy shoots while he's asking the questions.
Fact: Randy writes his questions down on bullets and then asks them through your face. 
Fact: Randy participated in a fire drill once. He duct taped a flamethrower to a power drill. The carnage was so bad, there's now also such thing as a fire drill drill. 
Fact: Randy saw his first firetruck at 3 years old. It started as a regular truck but Randy was playing with matches at the time.
Fact: If you ever work for Randy and aren't performing up to par, quit before he lays you off. His idea of firing someone is burning them at the stake.
Fact: If you ever work for Randy and aren't performing up to par, quit before he lays you off. His idea of firing someone is handing them a burnt steak.
Fact: If you ever work for Randy and aren't performing up to par, quit before he lays you off. His idea of firing someone is serving them the most delicious and juicy cut of steak in the country and then immolating them with a flamethrower before they have a chance to start eating.
Fact: Randy got a hunting license for ducks and rabbits, but his yearly limit is still 8 bucks.
Fact: If you ever work for Randy and aren't performing up to par, quit before he lays you off. His idea of firing someone is slow roasting them over an open flame till they're grilled to perfection then slicing them into mouth-watering morsels and drizzling them with a tangy barbeque sauce before serving them with a side of rice.
Fact: Randy is not a cannibal, but he knows several and he runs a pretty successful restaurant that caters to them.
Fact: Randy is not a cannibal, but he knows several and he runs a pretty successful restaurant that caters to them. You don't even have to be a great cook to work there. In fact, the customers prefer it if you aren't performing up to par.
Fact: Randy is not a cannibal. He prefers using mason jars when preserving those he's laid off.
Fact: Randy's Cannibal Catering service is great if you're thinking about having your relatives over for dinner.
Fact: Randy's Cannibal Catering service hosts a yearly celebrity roast.
Fact: When Randy was 4 years old his aunt Agnes pinched his cheeks and said "You're so cute I could just eat you up." It gave him a great idea for a catering service.
Fact: When Randy was 4 years old his aunt Agnes pinched his cheeks and said "You're so cute I could just eat you up." It's not like she was going to actually it him. I mean she WAS a cannibal, but this is Randy. When he felt threatened by this he hit her with a wiffle ball bat and launched her on a course for Jupiter.
Fact: Customers that complain about left feet not being on the menu for Randy's Cannibal Catering service generally end up in the pot. It isn't the best customer service, but it keeps the business running.
Fact: Randy's aunt Agnes collided with a piece of space debris just before reaching the atmosphere of Jupiter and created what scientists believe to just be a giant storm.
Fact: Whenever Randy performs the Lord's work, when he's done, he calls God up on his cell and tells him, "You just got served."
Fact: Google just pipes all of our queries straight to Randy
Fact: Whenever someone says "Who DOES that?", "Randy" is usually a valid answer.
Fact: Randy doesn't play Pokémon GO, he plays Pokeyourmom and go. 
Fact: Randy sucks at Pokémon  GO, because every time he heads towards a Pokémon, he takes a detour through Cleveland first, and by the time he gets back, it's gone.
Fact: Your secrets becomes even more awesome if you let Randy keep them for you.
Fact: Randy keeps secrets by removing the part of your brain that stores the memory and preserving it in a mason jar. He hasn't perfected the method for returning people's secrets but he has concocted a bangin' recipe for head cheese!
Fact: Randy recognizes the /yourmom command.
Fact: Your mom recognizes all of Randy's commands.
Fact: When a cat asks "I CAN HAZ?", Randy brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: When a cat asks "I CAN HAZ?", Randy brandishes a double cheeseburger and yells "NO, YOU'RE A FUCKING CAT" and eats it in front of it just to rub it in.
Fact: When a cat asks "I CAN HAZ?", Randy brandishes a double cheeseburger, takes a bite and chews it slowly, then calmly replies, "Sorry, I only go for the larger, mountain variety."
Fact: And God said "Let there be light" and there was light, and God saw the light and it was good. Randy saw the light and he was like, "That's ok, but watch this. Let there be Pokémon." And there were Pokémon, and God saw the Pokémon, and God said, "Randy, what have you done?"
Fact: The period actually originated as an ending to sentences from the mark left in the dirt whenever Randy dropped the mic after he was done talking.
Fact: Randy wouldn't trade his kids for the world, but he WOULD trade them for gify-ness.
Fact: Randy wouldn't trade his kids for the world, but he WOULD trade them for a Kordell Stewart Rookie Card.
Fact: Randy wouldn't trade his kids for the world, but he WOULD trade them for 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy wouldn't trade his kids for the world, but he WOULD trade them for an animated gif of Mike being dropped like a microphone.
Fact: Randy once cut a man cleanly in half, purely from how sharply he was dressed.
Fact: Randy wouldn't trade his kids for the world, but he WOULD throw them in a wood chipper for being smart asses.
Fact: To most people, "Mum"'s the word. To Randy, "Mum"'s the safe word.
Fact: And God said "Let there be light" and there was light, and Randy said "Let there be light beer".  And Randy got the party started.
Fact: That's Randy's secret: The party is never really over.
Fact: Rick's chair is not actually squeaking... Randy is just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy completed the Vegetable Run in 2.6 parsnips.
Fact: For $129.99, Randy will clean out your garage by using the Force. This amounts to him setting up a giant dumpster outside and just throwing your entire garage into it. Let's face it, you were never actually getting around to using those tools anyways.
Fact: Randy carries, and can effectively use, a pimp-action shotgun.
Fact: When life hand Randy lemons, Randy makes lemonade. Then he hands life a big glass of it, when life is done drinking and tells Randy, "That was really good, what's your secret?" Randy informs life that 90% of that was his own piss. Life hasn't handed Randy lemons since.
Fact: Randy doesn't understand why a game called Pokemon GO has Poke _stops_.
Fact: Randy GO only has stops in Cleveland and your mom's house
Fact: When you play Randy GO, you can catch Randy... in bed... with your mom.
Fact: When Randy plays Randy GO, he can catch... whatever your mom's got.
Fact: Randy can tune up a running engine by throwing a wrench into it.
Fact: Randy can perform an appendectomy by throwing a scalpel at someone.
Fact: Caleb didn't intend to cut all his hair off, it was just a near miss with Randy's wood chipper.  Randy let it slide...this time.
Fact: Caleb took advantage of one of Randy's $129.99 deals.
Fact: Throughout his career in big business, Randy silently created the Haan Crafts company, the Dart plasticware company and their Solo Cup branch, the guitarist for the international rock sensation the Beatles, and the Ford motor company.  His conspiracy to rule the world through these loosely tied conglomerates was almost discovered when George Lucas  released his documentary film series on galactic history.
Fact: Randy actually already rules the world, he's just _really_ good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy always gets bowling confused with pinball and ends up getting thrown out of the bowling alley for tilting the lane.
Fact: For $129.99, Randy will taxidermy your couch to look like a bantha. This involves him stuffing the entire thing with meat and then bringing it to life with some sort of dark energy, then killing it skinning it, and forming it into the shape of a bantha. It's quite an extensive process, and you better be damn satisfied when he's done because a lot of work went into that thing.
Fact: Randy could have easily stopped that avalanche, but he figured this time he'd let it slide.
Fact: When George Washington chopped down a cherry tree and then buried the hatchet, Randy raised it as a zombie hatchet and terrorized young George with it to teach him a lesson.
Fact: The Dead Sea used to be the Live Sea until one day, when Randy was walking along the beach, he swore he heard it talking shit about Space Jam.
Fact: Lombard Street was created in honor of Randy's swang.
Fact: Circa 90,000 BC, Randy hunted and killed a wooly mammoth. He's still working on eating it.
Fact: Every statue created during the Renaissance was actually of Randy. The sculptors just really sucked at their jobs.
Fact: At least 2 of the plagues of Egypt happened because when Randy goes away on a weekend, just dumps a big bag of pet food all over the floor rather than get someone to watch his animals while he's gone.
Fact: At least 1 of the plagues of Egypt happened because Egyptians have smart ass children.
Fact: Egyptian first-borns tend to be smart-asses.
Fact: When Randy went around Egypt looking for smart-ass children to toss into his woodchipper, he'd occasionally note the blood smeared on doorways, stop, and think, "K, you guys are definitely metal, I'll leave that one alone"
Fact: It's not that 2nd or 3rd born children in Egypt can't be smart asses. Randy just figures that throwing one kid through the wood chipper per family is enough heartache for one day. He's a reasonable guy.
Fact: The mercy Randy showed to non-firstborns in Egypt was largely associated with the fact that heartbreakers hang out with Tom Petty, and Tom is a dick.
Fact: Randy still makes 8 bucks when he's free fallin'.
Fact: Willows weep because, though they may be in his target age range, Randy has no interest in fucking a tree. 
Fact: Rand is just a gigolo and everywhere he goes people know the part he's playing... he's playing Snoke in a broadway stage rendition of Episode VII!
Fact: Randy is just a gigolo and everywhere he goes people know the part he's playing... he's playing the fool, sometimes. 
Fact: Randy is just a gigolo and everywhere he goes people know the part he's playing... he's starring in an avant garde interpretation of the Nutcracker where he plays all of the parts and all characters are kleptomaniacs who actual steal from the audience.
Fact: For $129.99, Randy will drive around in the millennium falcon with your phone and hatch eggs. He does so in the kessel run, and the time distortion caused by gravitation of the surrounding black holes will run up an obscene amount of data usage, but it's pretty sweet to see the defense department freak out every time an unexpected space ship leaves earth.
Fact: Randy can hatch a :paras: egg for you in 2.6 :parasect: s.
Fact: Randy plays Pokemon Stay. All of the pokemon know better than to make Randy have to come get them.
Fact: When Randy has a message for someone, he just tells it to the person closest to him and they know to pass that message along for him.
Fact: For $129.99, Randy will build you a droid that can fetch you a beer out of whatever scrap metal and parts you have laying around in your back yard. It won't actually fetch you a beer though because a droid that fetches beer would be non-canon in the Star Wars universe, so, while it _can_, it won't _actually_ fetch you a beer. Mostly it'll just scurry around and make beeping noises, but hey, you get what you pay for.
Fact: When Disney bought the Star Wars franchise it purchased the retractable Star Wars universe from Randy. That way it can use the extended universe when it needs it and neatly fold it away for storage when it doesn't.
Fact: A righteous cougar once gave randy a kiss to build a dream on... It was pretty epic. He licensed the dream out to Sega but moderate sales made it be their last entry into the home console market.
Fact: Randy has delayed the inevitable robot apocalypse, for a time, by creating robots that can solve CAPTCHAs to take online surveys and earn him money. It's only a matter of time, but for now, at least robots feel like their opinion is heard.
Fact: Randy has delayed the inevitable zombie apocalypse, for a time, by delivering boxes full of hand sanitizer to old abandoned warehouses where mad scientists are likely doing their work. It's only a matter of time, but for now, at least the more obsessive compulsive types will be less likely to spread the infection.
Fact: Randy has delayed the inevitable smart-ass child apocalypse, for a time, by doing what he'd normally be doing anyways. Ok, there's no such thing as a smart-ass child apocalypse, but that's only because Randy keeps their numbers in check.
Fact: Randy has delayed the inevitable meteor-impact apocalypse, for a time, by occasionally heading out into space for a little bit of real-life Asteroids™. It's only a matter of time, but for now, at least we're less likely to get hit by one of those really big ones.
Fact: Randy has delayed the inevitable second-coming apocalypse, for a time, by using up all the minutes on his shared minutes plan with God every month. It's only a matter of time, but for now, every time God tries to get the details worked out, he's gotta cut the conversation short or the phone bill is going to be astronomical.
Fact: For $129.99, Randy will dress up like a protocol droid and conduct the ceremony for your child's graduation. Not recommended for children with a GPA of 3.0 or above as Randy considers this smart-ass territory, and standard protocol requires him to run them through a wood chipper at that point.
Fact: Randy counteracts global warming by just being super chill.
Fact: One time Randy did that William Tell thing with the apple and the bow and arrow, except he used a hand grenade and an assault rifle. He _did_ actually hit the grenade.
Fact: Randy has delayed the inevitable grey goo apocalypse, for a time, by convincing all nano technology that it is only responsible for acting out reruns of Mork and Mindy. It's only a matter of time, but for now, at least his favorite sitcom can live on in our hearts... as microscopic robots in our blood stream follow Randy's directions.
Fact: Randy has delayed the inevitable star harvesting apocalypse, for a time, by selling sweepers door to door to all nearby advanced civilizations. It's only a matter of time, but for now Dyson vacuum cleaners are busy filing a lawsuit against Randy instead of inventing a sphere that completely encompasses a star and blocks out light to nearby planets.
Fact: Randy is a great salesman. He could sell a vacuum to space.
Fact: Randy is a great salesman. He could sell drowning to fish.
Fact: Randy is a great salesman. He could sell debt to Cleveland.
Fact: Randy is a great salesman. He could sell nuclear waste to Chernobyl.
Fact: Randy is a great salesman. He could sell gasoline to people fleeing a burning building. 
Fact: Randy is a great salesman. He could sell beard trimmers to the members of ZZ Top.
Fact: Randy is a great salesman. He could sell computers to the Amish. 
Fact: Randy is a great salesman. He could sell life insurance to immortals. 
Fact: Randy is a great salesman. He could sell a segway to Stephen Hawking.
Fact: Randy is a great salesman. He can sell focus feed to users.
Fact: Randy is a great salesman. He can sell sale boats at full price.
Fact: Randy is a great salesman. He can sell hepatitis to a farm in mexico.
Fact: Randy is a great salesman. He can sell a deadline to a software developer.
Fact: Randy's D&amp;D character carries a cat-o-nine that he acquired via a 9th-level Cleric spell that he has dubbed the Miracle Whip.
Fact: Randy is a great salesman. He can sell VoIP to Hellen Keller.
Fact: Since the day George Lucas was born, Randy has showed up every day in his life to ask him about his next Star Wars film "Aw man George, ___ more days until ___ comes out! Are you excited?" Needless to say, George has always been excited.
Fact: Somebody told Randy to do something dangerous in the 60's so he invented the baby car seat so that 1 year olds could reach the steering wheel.
Fact: Randy likes his coffee... aged.
Fact: Randy likes his coffee like he likes his women...Old and bitter
Fact: Randy likes his coffee like he likes his women...Cold and stale
Fact: Randy likes his coffee like he likes his women...Rich and keeping him awake all night
Fact: Randy likes his coffee like he likes his women...Dry and puckered.
Fact: Randy likes his coffee like he likes his women.... Steaming hot and all over his lap.
Fact: Randy likes his coffee like he likes his women...With really long names even he can't pronounce but people give him credit for trying. 
Fact: Sometimes Randy makes jokes in poor taste about events that haven't even happened yet, his psychic friends tell him, "Dude, too soon."
Fact: Randy isn't able to _see_ the future so much as travel there on a whim and decide what the future will be, so he can basically see the future if he wants to.
Fact: Randy can force feed anything to a rabbit. He'd use his hands to do it, but the jedi powers are WAY cooler!
Fact: Contrary to what Lord Montague may have thought, Romeo art because _Randy_, bitch.
Fact: If Randy is too busy to help someone because he's already helping Bobby, it's still considered selfish.
Fact: If Randy is too busy to help someone because he's selling fish, it's still considered helping Bobby.
Fact: Randy put Bobby through college by selling fish.
Fact: Randy funds his own private school for wayward rutabagas by selling fish. Operation costs are cheap as the students mostly just veg out all day.
Fact: Randy did not kill Mufasa, but he was definitely getting some action back at pride rock while that shit went down with the water buffalo.
Fact: Randy smelled what the Rock was cooking, and he told him he didn’t like it.
Fact: The Rock looked over at what the Randy was cooking and immediately just turned off his burners and dumped what he was cooking into the garbage.
Fact: The only reason anyone has ever been able to smell what the Rock was cooking was because he uses Randy's Famous All-American BBQ Sauce.
Fact: Randy calls cooking recipes bitch food science
Fact: Randy calls snakes bitch eels
Fact: Randy calls dinosaurs bitch dragons.
Fact: Randy calls house cats bitch cougars. However, he calls cougars his bitches.
Fact: Randy calls squares bitch cubes.
Fact: Randy calls cubes bitch hypercubes.
Fact: Randy has been playing Half-Life 3 for years now
Fact: Randy isn't actually that good at jedi mind tricks. He's just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Back when Randy owned a diner, he and his buddy Bran would cook up all sorts of all-american cuisine. One particular customer found his food so amazing, he called the two cooks over to express his elation, and while still chewing and gesturing towards the work of art in his hands he said, "Randy, Bran... dishes a double-cheeseburger."
Fact: Randy knows that the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is total BS. He's the only one who makes regular trips in the milky way and he doesn't pick up strangers.
Fact: Randy doesn't pick up strangers. He's known most of his dates since he played little league baseball with their kids.
Fact: Randy once ate a ghost pepper whole. It's not that he likes spicy food. He just wanted to get back at an undead gardener by stealing his harvest.
Fact: I randomly had some of Randy's bags in my car. When my kids saw them they thought they were pretty neat!
Fact: Randy does his part to save the environment by keeping plastic bags out of the ocean and inside other plastic bags.
Fact: Every one of Randy's video games passes the crate test with flying colors because he stores everything in plastic bags instead of crates.
Fact: Randy has been known to completely exsanguinate his british victims just to see if the authorities from Scotland yard will exclaim "Bloody Hell!". Randy loves irony... and cold blooded murder.
Fact: Randy has plans to establish a new world order, but he's still trying to optimize his sorting algorithm for it.
Fact: So far Randy has collected his own body weight in copper pennies. At $2 a pound for scrap, that's about 1 dollar and 25 cents.
Fact: Randy was once asked for some change. Being as generous as he is, he asked how much they needed. they responded with "I'm gonna need about tree-fidy" it was about this time that randy noticed that this person was about eight stories tall and was a crustacean from  the protozoic era.
Fact: oid. Small.
Fact: oid. Tiny.
Fact: oid. Short.
Fact: oid. Insignificant.
Fact: There are several little factoids about Randy in randyfacts.
Fact: Randy is always shouting, he's just really good a jedi mind tricks
Fact: Murphy's law states that if there is a Randyfact that you don't want to show in the general channel, it will show in the general channel.
Fact: You can query fact oids in Randyfacts using SNMP.
Fact: When Randy plays basketball, if he throws the ball at least in the general direction of the net, he still gets a point.
Fact: When Randy plays basketball, if he throws the ball at least in the general direction of the net, he knocks over a girl on a bike somewhere outside.
Fact: If Randy is riding a bike and someone throws a basketball at him, they fall over.
Fact: When Randy is playing a girl, and someone on a bike throws a basketball at him, he still scores.
Fact: Randy once smuggled 16 kilos of cocaine onto a commercial flight by concealing it in his emotional baggage.
Fact: This is actually Randy's 5th house this year. He keeps burning them down when he tries daisy chaining 14 power strips and a Clapper to his teleportation device. One day he'll get it right though, and everyone will be so amazed when he can just clap his hands and teleport to the other side of the room.
Fact: Randy is in the market for a Clapper. His last one got damaged in a fire. 
Fact: Randy’s last cougar said she had the clapper, but he must have misunderstood what she meant.
Fact: Randy is immune to stds because he refuses to use that namespace when programming in C.
Fact: Randy knows who Anonymous is
Fact: Randy is Anonymous. He's just _really_ good at Jedi Mind Tricks.
Fact: Randy has snorted so much blow, the further north you go, the higher the street value of his snot. It's worth it to go digging through his trash after he visits New York with a mild cold, but probably don't bother lending him your handkerchief in Miami unless you've already got a buyer lined up.
Fact: Randy once killed himself on a ghost hunt to see if it was real, but their high powered microphones couldn't even pick up his voice when  he tried to tell them about what it's like on the other side. 
Fact: Randy once threw a trance party and invited members of a moon cult. He isn't big on techno or weird pagan traditions but he figured it'd be fun to party with a bunch of raving lunatics. 
Fact: Randy thought it would be fun to party with raving lunatics because he used to work with them.
Fact: When Randy makes an arrest, instead of reading you your Miranda rights, he reads your Mirandy rights, in which you have the right to a woodchipper, if you cannot afford one, one will be provided for you.
Fact: When Randy makes an arrest, instead of reading you your Miranda rights, he reads your Mirandy rights, in which anything you say can and will qualify you as being a smart-ass and consequently land you in the business end of the aforementioned woodchipper.
Fact: Randy has a sensory deprivation tank. It's basically a regular tank that he uses to blast people point blank. It kills you but it also takes away your five senses.
Fact: Randy was once sanctioned for selling cukes to North Korea. It took him years to clear up that little misunderstanding, but you can never get taken off the no fly list.
Fact: Randy has his own version of "Who's Line is it Anyway?" where he just cuts a line somewhere and waits to see who shows up.
Fact: Randy is somewhat of a poison connoisseur, and he hasn't yet consumed a fatal dose of one he hasn't liked.
Fact: Randy's favorite poison concoction contains a thorn from every known rose.
Fact: Randy recently went out with that chick Bell Biv DeVoe sang about.
Fact: Randy makes damn fine biscuits.
Fact: The special thing about 69 is, that's how many Magic cards Randy has in his deck.
Fact: Much like any large game hunter who catches their prey, Randy holds his prized cougar upside down like a trophy.
Fact: The number 69 has a very special meaning to Randy. When Randy was 9, his favorite cougar was 60.
Fact: Randy suffered a really embarrassing injury one cougar night. It required 12 stitches and 20 kama sutures.
Fact: Randy used to get boned at T-Bones everyday, but :eric_doesnt_wanna_talk_about_it:
Fact: Randy has the same rules as a sea captain. He always goes down with his ship. It makes him really popular at cougar night.
Fact: Much like any large game hunter who catches their prey, Randy likes to mount the head as a trophy.
Fact: Randy once had a mustache large enough to conceal several inappropriate DVDs and some dirty magazines.
Fact: Randy loves waffles.  They're the perfect breakfast.  They have syrup traps in them!  He travels all over sampling waffles from around the globe.  For some reason though, he can't find a place that sells a blue waffle, and he doesn't know what all the fuss is about.
Fact: Randy once dug a hole to the center of the earth after watching Temple of Doom.  It didn't quite pan out the way he wanted to so he filled it in.  Now all that remains is an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Mark chose a plot just outside of a park as part of a prepaid funeral package that he signed up for. Since this was purchased way in advance, Randy likes to bury things in this unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Randy gets motion sickness.  One time he was murdering a small child in a wood chipper and he threw up because he was on a boat.
Fact: Randy is the color of surprise. Anytime someone says "color me surprised" they really just want to look like Randy. It's redundant to say this because everyone always wants to be Randy.
Fact: When a cougar says "color me surprised" it's because she wants Randy all over her.
Fact: Randy has been carjacked several times but never actually realizes what's going on. He just figures they need a ride. The carjackers never understand why they always end up going through Cleveland, but they put up with it anyways. 
Fact: Randy prefers to be carjilled.
Fact: Randy can judge a book by its cover, and he's seen some pretty bad books. He gave the last one 35 to life.
Fact: If Randy is "just pulling your leg", you probably should still be worried.
Fact: When Randy rains on your parade, he makes it rain money, so quit your bitching, your parade sucked anyways.
Fact: Randy and Bobby founded the Jakicic School for Clones that Can't Aim Good.
Fact: Bobby teaches at the Jakicic School for Clones that Can't Aim Good, but, because he too is a clone, he doesn't pass on much skill to the students there.
Fact: Randy's fight or flight response is just a matter of whether or not you're about to get jump-kicked.
Fact: It's not that Randy is afraid to ride on really fast roller coasters, it's just that his wrist watch has a flux capacitor in it, and if that thing gets up to 88 mph, shit might get real.
Fact: Randy wrote an erotic autobiography titled "50 Shades of Surprise".
Fact: Randy doesn't have to listen to trap music if he succeeds his saving throw.
Fact: Randy is a board-certified rocket surgeon. It's a messy job, but somebody's got to do it. Actually nobody _really_ needs to perform surgery with a bazooka, but if that's the sort of procedure you're looking to have done, Randy has the credentials.
Fact: Randy is a board-certified brain scientist. This is far less impressive than his other board-certified credentials though.
Fact: Randy _isn’t_ a board-certified doctor. His methods were a little too unconventional for the board… :wood-chipper:
Fact: Randy is a bored-certified doctor. One time he met with the medical board and talked about Star Wars with them for literally 3 months straight until they handed him a medical license and told him to go away.
Fact: Randy has rocket-jumped the shark. The shark took splash damage.
Fact: Randy’s version of a no-scope is shooting with his eyes closed. He never misses.
Fact: At the Jakicic School for Clones that Can't Aim Good, students are taught to shoot for the stars. This is literally a lesson where they take aim at an actual star and try to hit it. You gotta start somewhere.
Fact: When foodfights break out at the Jakicic School for Clones that Can't Aim Good, nobody actually gets any food on them.
Fact: The Jakicic School for Clones that Can't Aim Good had a dodgeball team one year. After 2 games they decided this just wasn't the sport for them.
Fact: Troublemakers at the Jakicic School for Clones that Can't Aim Good sometimes shoot spitballs at the ceiling... and miss.
Fact: The Jakicic School for Clones that Can't Aim Good’s motto is “You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take”. Students are known for taking as many shots as possible.
Fact: One year the Jakicic School for Clones that Can't Aim good got a dunk tank for a fund-raising campaign, but nobody got wet and they didn't raise any money.
Fact: Randy has been known to spend years studying the vocal acoustics of a single man just so he can kick him in the nuts in just the right way to produce an absolutely perfect authentic Wilhelm Scream.
Fact: A student from the Jakicic School for Clones that Can't Aim Good was supposed to perform the national anthem at last year's Super Bowl, but she couldn't hit any of the right notes and they just booed her off the field.
Fact: The school mascot for the Jakicic School for Clones that Can't Aim Good is the dog from Duck Hunt.
Fact: The saying “You can’t win them all” was intended to stop Randy from winning all the Magic tournaments. It hasn’t deterred him.
Fact: the Jakicic School for Clones that Can't aim good does not enlist any women. They don't want anyone to ever say "I'd hit that."
Fact: The Jakicic School for Clones that Can't Aim Good has an exceptional safety record for their drivers education program. That's not to say they don't break any traffic laws, they just haven't hit anyone.
Fact: The Jakicic School for Clones that Can't Aim Good has its roots in an ancient Egyptian javelin throwing training course. It was full of Babylonians and Phoenicians but they never got a single Hittite.
Fact: Marijuana has never been a problem at the Jakicic School for Clones that Can't Aim Good. They'll light one up, but every time they try to take a hit, they just miss.
Fact: The janitor's job in the men's room at the Jakicic School for Clones that Can't Aim Good just sucks. He's cleaning up piss all day.
Fact: The cafeteria food at the Jakicic School for Clones that Can't Aim Good is terrible.  They don't want anyone to ever say "That hit the spot".
Fact: The baseball team for the Jakicic School for Clones that Can't Aim Good is the worst baseball team in history.  No one has ever gotten a hit.
Fact: Female teachers at the Jakicic School for Clones that Can't Aim Good are politely addressed as "miss" or "misses".
Fact: The motto at the Jakicic School for Clones that Can't Aim Good is "We Aim to Please"... it goes without saying that most graduates are unhappy with their education.
Fact: Randy once shared a bowl of Honey Bunches of Oats with Dionne Warwick.
Fact: Randy says he "shared" a bowl of Honey Bunches of Oats with Dionne Warwick, but he ate all the honey bunches himself. That's not really sharing.
Fact: When Randy shares a bowl of Honey Bunches of Oats with you, he gets to drink the milk.  Unless you are Dionne Warwick.
Fact: When Randy shares a bowl of Honey Bunches of Oats with you, it's got Robert Deniro milk, whether or not you are Dionne Warwick.
Fact: Dionne Warwick doesn't even like Honey Bunches of Oats.
Fact: When preparing a bowl of Honey Bunches of Oats for his dear friend Dionne Warwick, he lets her milk Robert De Niro so she can say she helped.
Fact: Dionne Warwicks hit song Do you know the way to San Jose, is loosely based on the fact that Randy has never been there.
Fact: Randy once won a raffle with a parking ticket.
Fact: The lady from the Honey Bunches of Oats commercial is loosely based on Dionne Warwick.
Fact: Dionne Warwick's hit song "Do you know the way to San Jose, is loosely based on when she asked Randy for directions, but he kept insisting the way to San Jose was through Cleveland.
Fact: Randy once Ca Cawed at Dionne Warwick over a bowl of Honey Bunches of Oats.
Fact: Randy likes to stand around on the street corner and shout cat calls at all of the ladies walking by. Unfortunately all he does is yell "Ca Caw!"
Fact: Randy would be really popular with women of the Knights Watch, too bad they're all men.
Fact: Randy once got Celine Dion and Dionne Warwick in a room together to see what would happen.  They talked about Canada.
Fact: It was a very one sided conversation because Dionne Warwick is from New Jersey.
Fact: In fact the only thing they had in common was that Celine Dion is from Canada, and Dionne Warwick had once heard of Canada.
Fact: Randy went back in time and kidnapped Dionne Warwick's mother so Dionne would actually be born in New Jersey, just so that one day she could have an awkward conversation with Celine Dion about Canada.
Fact: When Eric hijacked randyfacts with Dionne Warwick stuff, they made a detour through Cleveland.
Fact: Randy's stage name is Bill Brasky.
Fact: Randy can peel an orange with his feet.
Fact: Randy can peel an orange with his feet, this is especially impressive because it's just a fucking pile of feet.
Fact: Randy can peel an orange with his feet, this is especially impressive because it's a feat of feet.
Fact: Mark's mother is a sorceress. This is somehow related to Randy.
Fact: Randy has two loves. Magic and people's mothers.
Fact: Randy has had more than a few awkward conversations where one of his Cougars brings up going steady and he explains that while he likes to be tied down, he doesn't really like to be tied down.
Fact: When Randy was a baby he used an alarm clock as a pacifier. A lot of people have questions about this, but it's addressed clearly in the FAQ: Tock section on his website.
Fact: Randy eats fast food, but he's real slow about it.
Fact: Randy loves the McRib sandwich.  He always gets one when they bring it back onto the menu and he finishes eating it about the time they bring it back onto the menu.
Fact: When Randy gets fast food, he always dines in. Last time he tried to use the drive through and they asked him to pull around to the first window, he took a detour through Cleveland. By the time he got back, his food had gotten cold, and nobody wants to eat cold fast food.
Fact: The only reason we know that McDonalds food doesn't biodegrade or get moldy is because man has witnessed Randy eating a McRib sandwich.
Fact: The McDonalds character Grimace is brought back every time Randy is trying to order and some kid asks him where they get "chicken nuggets" from. It's the reaction on the employees' faces when he dunks the kid into the deep fryer.
Fact: Randy has an above ground pool. It's actually only about a foot wide, full of corn oil, kept at a constant 350 degrees, and used to cook french fries, but he'll still let the neighborhood kids swim in it if they ask nicely.
Fact: Under Randy's layer of live mice is a pouch kind of like a kangaroo has.  Inside is some bubble tape, a civil war sword, and a Kordell Stewart Rookie Card.
Fact: Randy never caused a plague of Erics but he once caused a plague of Richards... but eric doesn't wanna talk about it.
Fact: Randy already is a top secret industry weapon
Fact: Randy fixed all the plot holes in Back to the Future with Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: The only reason Randy bothered going through so much trouble to obtain a medical license was so that he could drink Dr Pepper.
Fact: People say that soda is better with real cane sugar. Randy makes his lemon lime soda out of freshly picked forest faeries. You've never had a drink like Randy's freshly squeezed sprite!
Fact: It's off camera so you can't really see it, but in that jetty scene from Free Willy, there's actually a shark jumping over the killer whale, and Randy jumping over that. They really went all out on the scene, but the director cut it all back because none of the other stuff actually fit in with the plot.
Fact: Randy's got every one of these memorized.
Fact: When life hands Randy lemons, he mixes them with Lyme disease and makes himself a Sprite.
Fact: Randy hands life lemons. Life distributes Randy's lemons and delivers Randy the profits at the end of every month.
Fact: Randy had a car that was a lemon, so he switched it to electric power and made it run off itself.
Fact: In Randy's version of Cinderella, the evil stepsisters get their left feet chopped off by Prince Charming and the fairy godmother makes a carriage out of a human skull driven by firebreathing demon yaks.
Fact: In Randy's version of Sleeping Beauty, Aurora is woken from her slumber by the prince asking her if she likes dragons. Then the prince gets eaten by the dragon.
Fact: In Randy's version of Snow White and the Seven Dwarves, the entire story revolves around the wicked witch being the fairest of them all, or at least being the fairest one in Randy's target age bracket. 
Fact: In Randy's version of Pinnochio, the fairy just shows up with a woodchipper and gets straight to the point about what happens to lying little wooden shits like him.
Fact: In Randy's version of The Little Mermaid, things are mostly the same, but it's a freshwater habitat and there are more snails.
Fact: In Randy's version of The Lion King, Mufasa wears all black and carries a lightsaber and Simba wins back Pride Rock by flying an Xwing through the elephant graveyard and blowing up Mt Kilimanjaro. 
Fact: In Randy's version of 101 Dalmatians, he doesn't let Cruella Deville drive.
Fact: When Randy plays the Game of Thrones, he either wins or everyone dies.
Fact: Randy worshiped the many-faced god for a while. Every single face he wore was a game face.
Fact: Randy loaned his dragons to Daenerys
Fact: Randy has been trying to sell Jamie Lannister on the idea of a golden left foot.
Fact: Tyrion Lannister was hoping to be 2 feet taller, but he didn't expect the 2 feet Randy gave him, they we both lefts.
Fact: Randy asked the White Walkers if they like dragon... glass.
Fact: Randy drinks Wildfire.
Fact: Randy has a signature series of golf clubs. They smell like piss.
Fact: John Snow is terrified of getting peed on by Randy.
Fact: Randy once ran the Boston marathon. He came in 3st.
Fact: Randy once ran the Boston marathon. He came in 3st, but only because he also came in 1nd in the Cleveland marathon.
Fact: Randy once ran the Boston marathon. He came in first.... The next year.
Fact: Randy is still competing in the 1953 Food Olympics, he's about half-way through that hot dog as I'm writing this fact.
Fact: Randy spent time as a commercial pilot. However, he was fired for always laying over in Cleveland, no matter where he was supposed to be heading.
Fact: Randy simultaneously earned an Olympic gold medal for the high jump and won the space race by beating the Russians to the moon.
Fact: Randy _is_ an industry weapon, and he's illegal to own in 31 states.
Fact: Randy once asked a dragon if he liked dragons.  He didn't, now they're extinct.
Fact: When Randy gets a new job, he takes the first week off, just to let them know who's REALLY the boss.
Fact: Randy got a job working for Bruce Springsteen. He never actually came in to work, but he still got paid for the 3 years he was employed there.
Fact: Randy once caused an eclipse by tossing pizza dough
Fact: When Randy makes a pizza, he piles everything onto the dough, then tosses it up at the sun. It comes back down perfectly cooked.
Fact: When Randy crashes a party he leaves a crater.
Fact: One time Randy pissed on a Hummer and blamed spellcheck for it.
Fact: To Randy, everyone is named Deb.
Fact: Randy once gave birth to a velociraptor.
Fact: R. Kelly used to be embarrassed that he couldn't sign his own name until Randy taught him how by using a bedsheet for practice. 
Fact: Randy has a human-net that he occasionally rents to hackers using BitCoin to let them launch large-scale social engineering attacks.
Fact: Randy has a human net that he uses to catch cougars.
Fact: Randy once ran the Boston marathon. He came in 3st. He was heavily sponsored by gatorade.
Fact: Randy has his own Layer 3 routing protocol. It's not very widely used though because of the latency caused by routing all packets through a datacenter in Cleveland.
Fact: In Randy's version of Pete's Dragon, Pete is running away from Randy's wood chipper. Pete likes dragons so Randy invents an imaginary green one in order to lure him back to his doom.
Fact: In Randy's version of Ferngully, they don't actually cut down any trees, but they run the entire lumber company and the village of fairies through that giant sawmill.
Fact: In Randy's version of Hansel and Gretel, the witch's house is a cabin build out of pizza logs, and they don't make it because the  witch throws them into a woodchipper because of their smart-ass plan on how to escape.
Fact: In Randy's version of Toy Story, all of the toys are from the original run of the Star Wars collection. It ends with Disney buying lucas film. The movie's a bit dated now but still a great commentary on the business world.
Fact: In Randy's version of Indiana Jones the giant boulder is actually a Dodongo who gives him a cheap sword that breaks the first time he uses it.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped Pluto out of planet status.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped the other 8 planets into planet status.
Fact: When Randy needs to update the status of a ticket in JIRA, he bitch slaps it.
Fact: When Randy's commander asks him for the status of his troop, he bitch slaps his commander.
Fact: When Randy delivers the State of the Union address, he bitch slaps the president and walks off stage.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped the horse right out from under the Marlboro man so he could bum a cigarette.
Fact: Horse walks into a bar. Bartender asks "Why the long face?". Horse replies back with, "Just got bitch-slapped out from under the Marlboro man just so Randy could bum a cigarette."
Fact: Randy bitch slapped 3 dudes for no reason and they went on to start a really successful comedy career trying to duplicate it's majesty.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped Caleb for not being Travis.
Fact: Randy divides and conquers, but he just as easily adds, subtracts, and multiplies to conquer as well.
Fact: Randy's gotta eat sausage.
Fact: Randy does not drink Crystal Pepsi because computers can laugh.
Fact: If Coca Cola had the same points program as Pepsi, Randy would own enough Harrier jets to support his own private air force.
Fact: Randy is on several government watch lists, but not because they added him. He hacked into the system and thought it was for a potluck. The government is still trying to track down who this "Randy (probably like a cheese platter or something) Jakicic" is.
Fact: Randy has not given in to the dark side, but he did feel bad for it one time and gave it a ride home when he saw it stumbling along the side of the road one day, shit-faced drunk and bumbling on about those damn Jedi and their wookie ruining everything.
Fact: Randy was once invited to a pot luck, but he didn't know what that meant.  He showed up with a pot of lucky rabbits feet.  When no one ate it, he thought. "I'll show them." And started collecting human left feet and putting them in a large pile.  Then he probably ate some chicken nuggets or some shit.
Fact: Randy cooks all his pot luck contributions in the magical empty cauldron in his back yard.
Fact: Randy tells children that his magical empty cauldron in his back yard is full of gold, but it's not, it's full of being drowned.
Fact: Randy invented Al Gore.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner but he greatly misunderstood what leftovers were.  He'd chop off your left foot, throw it over onto his foot pile, and charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy never participates in pot lucks, he figures it's just a bunch of people smoking marijuana and eating a bunch of unhealthy food.
Fact: Randy once listened to the Highway to Hell album by AC/DC in reverse, and found an encrypted Satanic message inviting him to a potluck dinner.  He wasn't totally sure it was from the Lord of Hell, but the highway thing kinda tipped it off.
Fact: Randy once listened to the Highway to Hell album by AC/DC in reverse, while actually driving on the highway to hell. Not surprisingly, the highway to hell goes right through Cleveland. At least that's the way Randy takes.
Fact: Randy once listened to the entire Highway to Hell album by AC/DC normally while driving in reverse on the highway to hell. Randy doesn't understand how to find the satanic lyrics everyone keeps talking about in rock albums..
Fact: Randy once murderred and showered himself in the blood of several crocodiles to see if in fact they were truly cold blooded.  He's bathed in colder.
Fact: Randy has never had a girlfriend, but that's only because he doesn't have any friends at all, only people he allows to live.
Fact: Randy has never had a girlfriend, but that's only because he keeps his friends close and his enemies closer, and that makes things awkward on dates.
Fact: Randy has never had a girlfriend, but that's only because he doesn't like girls, he likes _women_
Fact: Somebody asked Randy if he could make change for a 5. Randy told them he was fresh out of mature singles.
Fact: Randy knows H.T.M.C.
Fact: Randy once bitch slapped a farm and created the salad bar.
Fact: Randy once bitch slapped a sugar plantation and created the candy bar.
Fact: Randy once bitch slapped general motors and created a labor union.
Fact: Randy once bitch slapped a platypus and created a duck and a beaver.
Fact: When Randy was born he bitch slapped a doctor to help him breathe.
Fact: Randy's little black book is filled with ladies' names... and at least 2 of them have phone numbers!
Fact: When Randy was born he bitch slapped his mother for making him wait 9 months
Fact: When Randy was in the womb, he bitch slapped Bobby for getting in his way.
Fact: When Randy was conceived, be bitch slapped an egg and created Bobby.
Fact: When Randy was a baby and he needed something, he bitch slapped Bobby to cry for him.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped a tow truck and created the Bigfoot Monster Truck.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped a tractor trailer and created Optimus Prime
Fact: Randy bitch slapped a zombie and it became a human again.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped Hitler and ended World War II.
Fact: Randy has stared into a nuclear blast. Thats why he wears glasses
Fact: Randy bitch slapped an atom and invented the nuclear bomb.
Fact: Randy took a piss in Arizona and created the Grand Canyon. Originally, if you looked at the Canyon from space it spelled out "Randy Jakicic".  Unfortunately, it eroded over time. It was really his best work.
Fact: Randy's wristwatch just counts down to the next Star Wars movie release.
Fact: Randy can read a sundial, at night.
Fact: Randy's wrist watch says "Aw man" behind the countdown timer.
Fact: Randy once bitch slapped a wheat field and created cheerios.
Fact: Randy once bitch slapped an oat field and created wheaties.
Fact: Randy once bitch slapped a leprechaun and created Lucky Charms.
Fact: Randy once bitch slapped a family of 5 and created minivans.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped a Cadillac and invented limousines.
Fact: Randy once bitch slapped a minivan and created cougar night.
Fact: Randy once bitch slapped a cougar and created you.
Fact: Randy once bitch slapped Neil Armstrong and created Space Mountain.
Fact: Randy once bitch slapped a car and invented turbo.
Fact: Randy once bitch slapped darkness and created light.
Fact: Randy once bitch slapped America so hard it gave it a speech impediment.  Now everyone says Merica.
Fact: Randy spent his first few years being raised by a family of crows. He doesn't really like to talk about it. However, if you get him drunk enough, he'll start talking in his native tongue.
Fact: This bud's for you, unless it's for Randy.  Then it's for Randy.  You wait your God Damn turn.
Fact: Randy once bitch slapped Pangaea and created continents.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped a keg of bud and created a 6 pack.
Fact: Randy once bitch slapped the sun and created sun spots.
Fact: Randy didn't create those sun spots, that sun is just clumsy.
Fact: Randy once bitch slapped a shitty computer and made Adele.
Fact: Eric gets a lot of work done.
Fact: When Randy pisses in your Wheaties, you still eat them, and they're still the breakfast of champions, they're just also signed by a champion.  
Fact: When you wish upon a star, Randy makes your dreams come true. If your dream sucks though, Randy also flies out into space and destroys that entire star system. Remember that next time you have a stupid dream. 
Fact: Randy once bitch slapped a pile of bricks and created a Pink Floyd album
Fact: Randy once bitch slapped California and created the Red Hot Chili Peppers discography.
Fact: Randy once bitch slapped a prince and turned him into a frog.
Fact: Randy once bitch slapped Prince and turned him into a symbol.
Fact: Randy once bitch slapped a seal and turned it into a man.
Fact: Randy also was kissed by a rose on the grey, but he didn't write a song about it because he doesn't kiss and tell, at least not when he's making out with flowers.
Fact: When Randy has been making out with flowers, it's usually because he was making out with mushrooms first.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped a hand out of his way and created the high five.
Fact: Randy went to congratulate a peasant in Notre Dame by slapping them on the back,  but he miscalculated and bitch slapped them and created a hunchback.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped his boss and got a raise.
Fact: Just because Randy CAN do something, doesn't mean he will.
Fact: Where there's a will there's a way. Where there's a Randy, there's a call into FEMA disaster recovery.
Fact: Randy once bitch slapped oxygen and created midi-chlorians.
Fact: Randy once bitch slapped safe driving and created women.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped a rice field and created the Honda Civic.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped a bowl of spaghetti and created a Lamborghini. 
Fact: Randy bitch slapped The Adams family and made the Munsters.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped Uranus and made astrology funny again.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped astrology and made astronomy
Fact: Fuck it.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped the two of clubs and made a Kordell Stewart Rookie Card.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped some Elmer’s Rubber Cement and made Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement
Fact: Randy bitch slapped Chuck Norris tacts and created the Randypaedia
Fact: Randy bitch slapped a paper shredder and made a wood chipper.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped Johnny Appleseed and created Daniel Boone.
Fact: A penny saved is a penny earned, unless you're Randy.  Then it's just one made before 1982.  The others get thrown across the parking lot.
Fact: When Randy plays Oregon Trail and reaches a river, his options are to ford the river, take a ferry, or bitch slap the river and drive across on dry land.
Fact: Moses bitch slapped a river, but Randy does it better.
Fact: When it was time for Old Yeller to go, Randy took him out back, and bitch slapped him into a new puppy.
Fact: Jurassic Park is real.  Whenever Randy's car runs out of gas, he visits there to bitch slap a Triceretops which turns it into crude oil.  Then he makes his own gas with it.  No one knows why he has to fill his tank up the hard way, he could get gas much quicker.... if he didn't take that detour through Cleveland.
Fact: Jurrasic Park is real. Whenever Randy can't remember his password, he bitch slaps the person nearest to him, and they turn into Samuel Jackson. He doesn't know the password either, but he tells Randy to hold on to his butts, and somehow this helps.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped a velociraptor and out came an iguana.
Fact: Jurassic Park is real, whenever Randy's layer of live mice get cold he goes and sits next to a volcano with a Stegosaurus.
Fact: Randy took first place at the 2nd annual Hoop Paste tournament.
Fact: The 2nd annual Hoop Paste tournament took place on an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Randy doesn't need a GPS application. He can tell you,  off the top of his head, how to get within shoulder fired rocket range of any location.
Fact: When life gives Randy lemons, he throws them at an old folks home.
Fact: When life gives Randy pomegranates, he throws them at an old folks home.
Fact: When life gives Randy fragile packages that need to be delivered to old man Withers, he throws them at an old folks home.
Fact: When life gives Randy new born babies, he very gently takes them to an old folks home. Old people love to spend time with babies.
Fact: Randy has high fived Martin Scorsese.
Fact: Randy has never high fived Keanu Reeves, oh he's tried. Keanu Reeves can't connect on a high five for shit. 
Fact: Randy's leftover meatloaf sandwich can high five like a motherfucker.
Fact: Randy has high fived a guy with no arms.
Fact: Randy can high five a midget.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped a boat and created Celine Dione:
Fact: Every time Celine Dion's heart is about to give out, Randy bitch slaps it and it goes on.
Fact: Randy has high fived Midas.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped Toni Braxtons broken heart and it unbroke.
Fact: Randy once bitch slapped Billy Ray Cyrus' achy break heart. It fixed it, but also created Miley Cyrus. It was that event that made Randy realize that once he bitchslaps he can never take it back.
Fact: Randy's bitch slap comes in like a wrecking ball.
Fact: Randy used to be a pro wrestler, he has a signature move, but the censors don't allow it on tv.
Fact: Randy got Keanu Reeves his part in the Matrix as a way to put his inability to connect on a high five to good use. Turns out it translates well to dodging bullets too.
Fact: Randy's pro wrestler signature move is called "Platinum Rain". It's not really platinum. It's also not really rain.
Fact: Fires started by Randy breath halon gas.
Fact: Randy can make delicious physicist snacks out of single elements. His most popular are einsteiny-yums!
Fact: Randy bitch slapped carbon and discovered arsenic.
Fact: When God said let there be light, Randy bitch slapped the darkness, and there was light. And God saw the light, and God was like, "That's not how that was supposed to happen, but I'll let it slide."
Fact: Randy knows many things like the back of his hand. Many things also have come to know the back of Randy's hand.
Fact: Jurrasic Park is real, whenever Randy is having a T-Rex over for dinner, he bitch slaps a cup of water to see how close his guests are.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped Gilligan off the island.
Fact: The world ended in 2012 because Randy was sick and tired of bitch slapping the code into the computer on the island from Lost.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped a zebra and created a jackass. He really hated that it ended up on MTV doing stupid shit.
Fact: Randy invented the hover bored. When he gets bored he hovers smart ass children above a wood chipper until the screaming no longer makes him laugh. 
Fact: Randy invented the fence bored. When he doesn't want people coming over to his property, he just does something so boring that no one will even come near him for fear of dying of boredom.
Fact: Randy's neighbor ironically helped him develop the fence bored by picking up rocks in his driveway.
Fact: Randy watches a lot of baseball. Not because he enjoys the sport, but because he spends a lot of time at an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Randy realized one day that, being immortal, he wasn't going to actually take anything "to the grave", so he started hoarding things in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie as a way of getting a taste of mortality.
Fact: Randy has NO idea what it's like to be mortal.
Fact: Randy was barred from the Mortal Kombat tournament because of his immortality.
Fact: Randy can only be in mortal danger when he's doing something dangerous around mortals.
Fact: Randy has no idea how to use a mortar.
Fact: Randy rides a mortalcycle in an effort to understand what it's like to be mortal. It's like a midlife crisis, but mid way to infinity isn't really a thing. 
Fact: Randy carries a clip of incendiary rounds for his salad shooter when he wants to make something spicy.
Fact: Randy put a scope on his salad shooter.
Fact: Randy can toss a salad 13.7 miles if the wind is right.
Fact: Randy posed as a superhero in the 80's, he couldn't think of a good power though and captain spicy didn't catch on.
Fact: Randy posed as a superhero in the 80's, he couldn't think of a good power, but he still had to eat sausage.
Fact: During the 80's, Randy fought crime by beating it at Magic: The Gathering. This didn't do much for the public welfare, but every little bit counts I guess.
Fact: during the 80s he was down with the ladies. These days he prefers Cougars and free form poetry.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped a beer and created funky cold medina.
Fact: Randy considers "The Wild Thing" to be rather tame.
Fact: Randy put "The Wild Thing" on the endangered species list.
Fact: Randy spends every Thursday evening searching for the last fuck he gave.
Fact: Randy's long lost fuck is believed to be somewhere in Carnegie. Randy isn't well traveled 
Fact: Randy's last fuck was given to charity, but every Thursday night he figures he couldn't possibly have given it to charity, so he doesn't bother looking there.
Fact: There is an exhibit in the Carnegie Natural History Museum dedicated to Randy's long lost fuck.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped an old crate of records and created the jukebox.  
Fact: Randy bitch slapped a crate of fruit and created the juice box. 
Fact: Randy evolves his Pokémon by bitch slapping them.
Fact: Randy played a sexy sax solo next to two atoms and created nuclear fusion.
Fact: Every year I let Randy do my taxes, and every year I owe exactly 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy has been known to consume an entire shopping cart worth of groceries on the way home just to get access to more plastic bags quicker.
Fact: Randy parks his car on railroad crossings when he changes his oil because he likes to live dangerous. Every time he gives himself a little bit less time so he can try to beat his old record. 
Fact: Randy is allergic to iguana milk, but he's the only one who can milk an iguana so it's not a big deal. 
Fact: Randy believes his long lost fuck to currently belong to Jenna Jameson but I don't wanna talk about it.
Fact: After the Crystal Skull, Harrison Ford was invited to play a role in Indiana Jones: Randy's Long Lost Fuck, but he figured he'd had enough at that point.
Fact: Randy has had a roll in every movie ever made. Not necessarily a role, but he's been on set... somewhere... eating a roll.
Fact: Randy has literally taken the bull by the horns.  Now what does he do with it?
Fact: Randy has taken an orchestra by the horns.
Fact: Every Saturday, Randy takes his bull by the horns at the music store. His bull really wants that shiny new trumpet, and Randy has assured him that if he saves up his money, one day it can be his.
Fact: Randy has taken Liam Neeson.
Fact: They say an apple a day keeps the doctor away.  Well Randy has been keeping plenty of doctors away by throwing pomegranates at an old folks home.
Fact: *Throw Pomegranate* _Ex_ - At will, Randy may produce a pomegranate and throw it at a target for 3d6 fruit damage provided that the target is a dwelling with at least one individual 65 years of age or older living there.
Fact: When life hands Randy lemons in Middle Earth, he summons Souron.
Fact: When Randy rides a bicycle, he rides it long, he rides it hard, and he flies that bitch across the moon ET style.
Fact: Randy loves flapjacks.  He tars and feathers someone named Jack and throws them out of a plane.  They all try it, it's hilarious.
Fact: Randy released a game for mobile phones called "Flappy Jack", it's about throwing tarred and feathered people out of airplanes.
Fact: Randy can fit a TV in a car using hot sauce.
Fact: Randy can fit extra cougars in the car with a bottle of hot sauce.
Fact: Randy can fit extra hot sauce in the car with a bottle of hot sauce.
Fact: Randy once did a clown car act in a circus, but it was for a small town and he couldn't find a bottle of hot sauce before the act. It was a complete disaster.
Fact: Randy can fit a Honda Fit inside a car with a bottle of hot sauce.
Fact: Randy can fold the material of spacetime in on itself and create a black hole with a bottle of hot sauce.
Fact: Randy was once given a bottle of hot sauce.  Since he doesn't eat hot sauce he figured out a lot of other shit to do with it so that it wouldn't go to waste.
Fact: Randy was originally cast as the main villain in the Bruce Lee movie "Way of the Dragon". However, when they told Randy that Bruce Lee is supposed to win, he said "No Guarantees". They gave the part to that loser Chuck Norris instead. Randy won't throw a fight, even a fake one.
Fact: Randy will throw a fight, but to him that means throwing two people at once who are already in a fight.
Fact: Any time you succeed a saving throw in D&amp;D, it means that Randy shows up and throws your character out of danger.
Fact: Randy wonders why older video games never implemented double-jumps, he's been double-jumping in real life since he was 6 years old.
Fact: Much like Jek Porkins, Randy derives great pleasure in pelting dwarfs with little pieces of corn.
Fact: Randy will never pelt anything with a large piece of corn.
Fact: Randy has pelted the band Korn with little pieces of corn.
Fact: Randy upgraded to pelting with pomegranates after the great corn famine of 68'
Fact: Randy has pelted Ryan with little pieces of corn while he was writing a cron job.
Fact: Randy has pelted his computer with little pieces of cron.
Fact: Randy will only pelt people with the finest kernels of corn. He's a bit of a cob snob.
Fact: Randy will pelt uppity people with kernels. He enjoys corn on the snob.
Fact: Unix kernel was born when Randy pelted some nerds at Bell Labs with corn.
Fact: Randy never pelts his pelts with little pieces of corn. That would lower the resale value.
Fact: Randy pelted some guy named Sanders with corn while eating fried chicken. The rest is history.
Fact: When approaching a stranger wielding a chainsaw and wearing human skin over his face as a mask, Randy tries to see if he can guess who's face it is, makes for interesting conversation.
Fact: Randy walked by a murder scene once and asked the coroner "you gonna eat that?"
Fact: Randy is not a cannibal.
Fact: Randy can split Adams.  They don't explode, or survive for that matter, but he feels super sciency when he does it.
Fact: Randy has his own little theme song that plays any time he authenticates to a server. It's written and performed by Kenny Loggins.
Fact: All of the servers at Randy's data center take a long time to fill food orders. That's why they're also called waiters.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what fresh squeezed orange juice was; he'd take a carton of orange juice, squeeze it over your head until it broke, and charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: If you don't know Randy, it's a lot like not winning at baseball.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped Vodka, Peach Schnapps, orange juice and cranberry juice and invented sex on the beach.
Fact: Jeff stole Randyfacts' virginity.
Fact: Randy doesn't understand yard work... or idioms. He once spent an afternoon pointing a leaf blower at a herd of donkeys.
Fact: When Randy throws sexy, Justin Timberlake brings it back for him.
Fact: Randy has never done landscaping or construction, but he listens to country music so... he blows donkeys around with a leaf blower in an attempt to rival Eric's current job.
Fact: Everyone knows Randy has something to do with everything
Fact: Randy bitch slapped a silent film star into 1080p.
Fact: On rainy days, Randy likes to sit next to a window and look at the rain puddles splash. It reminds him of the tranquility of life that is only achieved after removing a smart ass child from one's presence.
Fact: Randy can outrun a speeding bullet, but to him, speeding is like a half a mile an hour so it's really not that impressive.
Fact: Randy is more powerful than a locomotive, but he still has fun tying people to the tracks.
Fact: Randy and Bobby get drunk and play pirates.  Bobby sings sea shanties and Randy just perches on his shoulder and yells "CA CAW!!!"
Fact: Randy can still slay ninjas like a boss while perched on Bobby's shoulder, shit-faced drunk, pretending to be a parrot.
Fact: Randy can still sleigh ninjas like a boss while perched on Bobby's shoulder, shit-faced drunk, pretending to be a parrot.
Fact: Randy is an expert fisherman while using jigs and lures. His best jig starts "eydie-dyedie-eydie-dydie-die!"
Fact: Randy can throw a real airplane like a paper airplane, but he got bored with it so they discontinued the Concorde.
Fact: Randy knows how to throw a mean hoedown.
Fact: Randy knows how to throw a median or mode hoedown.
Fact: Back in the day, Randy could throw a hoedown about a quarter mile.
Fact: Randy has telekinetic powers that allow him to cause auto accidents that can be blamed on women drivers.
Fact: Randy is able to trust a hoedown about 1,320 feet.
Fact: Randy uses telekinesis to crash a lot of mini-vans just so he can exchange information.
Fact: Randy always wins at rock paper scissors because he super glues your hand in the fist shape before you shoot and just throws paper every time.
Fact: Randy's other car is a propane tank with a saddle and a zippo lighter.
Fact: Randy's bologna has a first name, but I don't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy used to be an international super spy, but he placed 3rd in nationals this year and didn't qualify.
Fact: Randy also has a way with bologna, but Eric doesn't want to talk about that either. 
Fact: Randy scored a 10.5 on the richter scale playing skeeball.
Fact: Randy can mime better than anyone.  He doesn't paint his face, he's not quiet, and he talks the whole time, but so help me if you don't clap...
Fact: Randy is the most generous guy I know. He beat a homeless guy up with a roll of quarters, but when he was done he bought him breakfast and let him keep the roll of quarters.
Fact: Randy can mime better than anyone.  He doesn't paint his face, he's not quiet, and he talks the whole time, in fact, he never even really told me he was trying to mime... I just kind of assumed.
Fact: Randy can mime better than anyone.  He doesn't paint his face, he's not quiet, and he talks the whole time, but he'll tell you the type of a file sent over the internet like nobody's business.
Fact: Randy doesn't have n00b problems. But he usually plays with raiden anyway.
Fact: Randy has a pet rock, it's the inspiration behind the boulder in Indiana Jones.
Fact: Randy once caught a water balloon with his teeth.
Fact: Randy throws water balloons at people stuck in the desert without any water. The water balloons never quite make it to that person, but it's the thought that counts.
Fact: Randy's pet rock can beat paper.
Fact: Randy's pet rock can swim.
Fact: Sometimes Randy rolls up all the windows in his car lights a doobie and gets totally stoned with his pet rock.
Fact: When Randy visited Winterfell, he found Lord Stark and asked him, "Aw man, Ned, winter is coming, are you excited?"
Fact: Randy goes set trippin' in his birfday suit, and he's still loc'd out like a balla OG.
Fact: X gon' give it to you, but Randy is going to give him a ride to your house so he can drop it off.
Fact: Randy hates emo kids.  He even hates emoticons.
Fact: Randy doesn't run emo kids through his woodchipper, even if they're smart asses, but he does dangle them just above the blades and totally ruins their hair.
Fact: Randy has a successful side business making emo kids less mopey.  He dangles them above a wood chipper and makes them appreciate their shitty lives.
Fact: Randy has a successful side business making emo kids less mop-y. He forces them to cut their ridiculous hair.
Fact: Randy NEVER leaves extra seconds on the microwave.
Fact: Randy is so slow to get to the microwave, that not only are there never left over seconds, but his food is cold when he gets there.
Fact: Randy plays creepy music on Halloween to scare kids.  Randy's idea of creepy music is Journey.
Fact: Randy plays sexy music on Halloween to excite cougars. Randy's idea of sexy music is Journey.
Fact: Randy plays loud music on Halloween to drown out the screams of children being murdered.  Randy's idea of loud music is turning his headphones up.  He doesn't like to disturb the neighborhood with loud music so he uses headphones.
Fact: Randy has a successful side business selling motivational slogans to t-shirt companies. His latest is "Don't Hate. Alienate!"
Fact: Randy has a successful side business selling motivational slogans to t-shirt companies. His latest is "Flesh eating bugs, not drugs!"
Fact: Randy is everyone's BFF. 
Fact: Randy has a very large watchtower in his back yard. Late at night you can see him up there with his spyglass searching for who the fuck you think you are.
Fact: Randy has a very large watchtower in his back yard. Late at night you can see him up there with his spyglass searching for who the fuck asked you.
Fact: Randy has a very large watchtower in his back yard. Late at night you can see him up there with his spyglass searching for who gives a fuck.
Fact: Randy has a very large watchtower in his back yard. Late at night you can see him up there with his spyglass searching for his long lost fuck, still can't seem to find it. 
Fact: one time Randy asked me to pull his finger. I did. He shit his pants. Randy's not one to be outdone.
Fact: There's a female version of Randy from an alternate timeline named Brandy. Randy was conflicted about asking her if she liked dragons because it would kind of make her his sister... but he HAD to know.
Fact: Aside from Bobby, Brandy is the only clone of himself he allows to live. Randy would never hit a girl, unless if it was with a basketball, and she was riding a bike.
Fact: Randy's female clone Brandy doesn't actually drive people around because she's absolutely terrible at driving.
Fact: There's a female version of Randy from an alternate timeline named Brandy. Randy was conflicted about asking her if she liked dragons... but he figured it wouldn't be as bad as when Luke Skywalker kissed his sister. So he did it anyway.
Fact: Harrison Ford is in love with Brandy.
Fact: There's a female version of Randy from an alternate timeline named Brandy. She's undefeated at Yugioh.
Fact: Randy's wood chipper broke down and he was unable to murder this one particular smart ass child in his favorite fashion.  So instead he tried passing him through a paper shredder.  It didn't work but the child did applaud him for his improvisational skills just before Randy drowned him in a magical empty cauldron in his back yard.
Fact: Randy was originally cast as the monster in Stranger Things, but he turned down the role when they wouldn’t let him use a wood chipper as his weapon of choice
Fact: Randy was originally cast as the title for Stranger Things, but his name didn't fit what they had in mind for the typography.
Fact: Randy is a closet font snob.
Fact: Randy always uses an alias when checking into hotels, or singing karaoke.  I once saw him go by the name Cranky McShanklestank.
Fact: Randy always uses an alias when checking into hotels, or singing karaoke.  I once saw him go by the name Toughie McFucklebee.
Fact: Randy always uses an alias when checking into hotels, or singing karaoke.  I once saw him go by the name Ted Dunderscupple.
Fact: Randy always uses an alias when checking into hotels, or singing karaoke.  I once saw him go by the name Bobby.
Fact: Randy always uses an alias when checking into hotels, or singing karaoke.  I once saw him go by the name CA-CAW.
Fact: Randy always uses an alias when checking into hotels, or singing karaoke.  I once saw him go through the desert on a horse with no name.
Fact: Randy's aliases are why people think Elvis is still alive.
Fact: Randy invented a lot of video rendering techniques. Just to be Ironic he named anti-aliasing something else.
Fact: Randy's nominative indecision was the inspiration behind the TV show "Alias".
Fact: Randy always uses an alias when checking into hotels, or singing karaoke. I once saw him go by the name Keyser Soze
Fact: Randy's got like 300 aliases to every command he uses in UNIX.
Fact: Randy calls female aliens, aliases.
Fact: Randy calls female aliens bitch aliens.
Fact: When Randy sees a  bad randyfact, he bitch slaps it and it becomes a good one.
Fact: When Eric started the Left Foot meme, Randy didn't bitch slap it into a good meme right away. He let it go for a while to mess with Eric.
Fact: Randy is more than just a man or a hero. He's also a beacon of inspiration. The fact that so many randyfact memes continue is proof that hard work pays off.
Fact: Randy did the gallon challenge back in high school. He had to siphon all of the gas from one of the teachers cars, but consume the first gallon.
Fact: Randy once had Xibit pimp his ride.  It came back with those metal balls hanging from the tailgate and Yosemite Sam mudflaps that said back off.  It's possible he was duped and it was not actually Xibit.
Fact: There were a few signs that Xibit was not who he said he was.  I mean first off, he was white, he didn't seem to know much about cars either.
Fact: In fact, he may never have even told Randy his name was Xibit, he just kinda assumed.
Fact: Randy was featured on the show dancing with the stars. It only lasted one episode because the judges and audience were all burned up in the corona.
Fact: Xibit or Xzibit it doesn't really matter, Randy doesn't like being duped.
Fact: Randy’s first partner on dancing with the stars was his pile of left feet. The judges gave them perfect marks.
Fact: Xibit pimped Randy's ride.  It spent weeks on the street corner, and came back smelling of cigarettes and diesel.
Fact: Randy's fire skeleton is hotter than the surface of a star... at least that's what the Entertainment Tonight said about him in its review of the season of Dancing with the Stars episode that featured Randy.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped Xibit and he started spelling his name with a z.
Fact: If we've learned anything about randyfacts it's that water boarding is torture.
Fact: Randy is gonna water board white misspelled Xibit next time he sees him for what he did to his ride.
Fact: White misspelled Xibit tried to pass off the emergency brake as an upgrade he didn't do.  He said to yank the handle up when driving.  Called it a make the car smell really funny lever.
Fact: White misspelled Xibit returned Randy's car with no tires on it.  Said "Now you can shoot sparks everywhere when you do a burnout!"  Randy thought it sounded cool at first, but he's starting to think he was duped.
Fact: Interesting fact about white misspelled Xibit, he is missing his left foot. Randy _really_ hates being duped.
Fact: White misspelled Xibit returned Randy's car with no seats in it, just a couple of milk crates.  He said "I removed all the clutter, and how you have bins to put your groceries in."  Seemed like a legit upgrade, but he's starting to think he was duped.
Fact: The first time Randy was duped it was in Tristram and he ended up with Bobby in his inventory. Randy vowed to never let it happen again.
Fact: Randy can drop a lodestone, but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: White misspelled Xibit returned Randy's car with no engine in it.  He said "you'll save a lot on gas this way."  This was exciting at first, but he's starting to think he was duped.
Fact: White misspelled Xibit is really Randy’s friend Tom.  Tom is a dick.
Fact: White misspelled Xibit returned Randy's car with no headlights, taillights, or a horn.  He said "Now you can drive it in ninja mode!"  Randy thought it sounded cool at first, but he's starting to think he was duped.
Fact: White misspelled Xibit returned Randy's car without brakes.  He said "This car is so killer, nobody can stop you!"  Randy thought it sounded cool at first, but he's starting to think he was duped.
Fact: White misspelled Xibit returned Randy's car with no stereo.  He said "It's the super quiet model that helps you listen for the police."  Randy thought it sounded cool at first, but he's starting to think he was duped.
Fact: White misspelled Xibit returned Randy's car without the original stereo, in it's place he left a tape player.  Randy actually considers this an upgrade, but he's still starting to think he was duped.
Fact: White misspelled Xibit returned Randy's car without a roof.  He said "Now you have a convertible man!"  Randy thought it sounded cool at first until he realized the guy just cut it off with a hack saw, he's starting to think he was duped.
Fact: When Randy didn't finish his vegetables his mother would remind of the poor starving kids in china. He'd immediately gas up his wood chipper and book a trip to Asia.
Fact: When Randy didn't finish his vegetables his mother would remind him of the poor starving kids in China. He'd immediately throw his vegetables at the cabinet and destroy all their fine serving ware. She didn't bother him about again it after that.
Fact: White misspelled Xibit once detailed Randy’s car.  He filled it with water and soap and rolled it down a hill.  Randy felt duped but it’s ok.  He took White misspelled Xibit’s left foot in exchange.
Fact: White misspelled Xibit once let a transformer fuck Randy's car in exchange for money. He assured Randy that his car had indeed been pimped, but Randy is starting to think he was duped.
Fact: White misspelled Xibit returned Randy's car in the shape of the neighbor kid's bicycle.  He said "This is the new environmentally friendly version."  Randy thought it sounded cool at first, but he's starting to think he was duped.
Fact: White misspelled Xibit returned Randy's car with the bare foot gas pedal installed.  He said "This is one of the cooler upgrades available for a car these days, the foot gas pedal." It was a real human foot bolted to the original pedal.  Randy thought it sounded cool at first, but he's starting to think he was duped.
Fact: White misspelled Xibit returned Randy's car with holes in the side as if it were shot up in a police chase. He said "Now you'll make a whistling sound as you go down the street, other cars will hear you coming, and they won't hit you."  Randy doesn't trust femalse on the road at all, so it sounded cool at first, but he's starting to think he was duped.
Fact: Randy's karaoke of any BeeGees song is absolutely spot on.
Fact: Randy doesn't always participate in arguments about opinion on the Internet, but when he does, he's right.
Fact: White misspelled Xibit returned the missing roof to Randy's car. He said "Now you have a low-rider man!" Randy thought it sounded cool at first until he realized this was just the other half of his "convertible", he's starting to think he was duped.
Fact: White misspelled Xibit returned Randy's car with it up on jacks. He said "Look, I put spinner rims on here for you man!" and proceeded to spin one of the tires. Randy thought it sounded cool at first, but he's starting to think he was duped.
Fact: White misspelled Xibit returned Randy's car with the head and tail lights dangling by their wires almost touching the ground. He said "Now you got neon underglow man!" Randy thought this sounded cool at first, but he's starting to think he was duped.
Fact: White misspelled Xibit didn't actually return Randy's car. He said "You just gotta trust me man. This shit is tight." Randy wasn't sure what White misspelled Xibit did with his car, he did think it sounded cool, but he's starting to think he was duped.
Fact: White misspelled Xibit returned Randy's car with the entire back seat completely covered in fresh cow manure. Randy asked him about it and he said "Naw, man, that's bio-diesel" Randy thought it sounded cool at first, but he's starting to think he was duped.
Fact: White misspelled Xibit returned Randy's car filled solid with concrete. He said "Nothing will touch this thing in a collision man." Randy thought it sounded cool at first, but he's starting to think he was duped.
Fact: Randy has a successful side business selling motivational slogans to t-shirt companies. His latest is "Better late than never."
Fact: Randy used to rock a bitchin handlebar mustache, but he decided handlebars weren't dangerous enough and shaved it off.
Fact: Pimping ain't easy, but Randy makes it look that way. 
Fact: White misspelled Xibit returned Randy's car in shambles, but there was a pretty cool doodle of Yoshi keyed into the door.  He said "Check out this custom paint work man!" Randy was excited at first, but he's starting to think he was dooped.
Fact: Randy has ridden a water slide with the Hydro kid.
Fact: White misspelled Xibit returned Randy's car in a such a condition that Randy was pretty sure it was recently used in the local demolition derby. He said "Hey man, I tested it out for you, and it totally holds up in a demolition derby. " Randy thought that sounded pretty cool, but he's starting to think he was duped.
Fact: White misspelled Xibit returned Randy's car with a big dent in the front and blood on the hood.  He said "Oh that's just a custom paint job, it hasn't finished drying yet."  Randy thought that blood stains sounded pretty cool, but he's starting to think he was duped.
Fact: Randy's been to Heaven.  You know what they use for currency in Heaven?  Angel bucks.  You always have 100 Angel bucks in your wallet; and even after you pay for something, you still have 100 Angel bucks.  He's not sure what the point is really.  He figures that even in Heaven, people just really like having wallets.
Fact: Angel bucks don't pay cell phone bills.
Fact: Everything Randy makes is with :heart:, real human hearts.
Fact: Randy also collects Angel pennies, but only if they’re 100% copper.
Fact: Randy practices his katana skills by slicing grapes in half that Bobby shoots out of his belly button.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner but he greatly misunderstood what scrambled eggs were.  He'd pelt you and your entire party with eggs, set off the fire alarm and as you scrambled for the exit, he'd charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy started writing poetry, it sucks.  It's all ripoffs of existing poems turned Star Wars.  Here's one: \nHey Jek Raysor you fuckin Pod Racer\nSebulba threw a wrench in my shit.\nSelacious Crumb laughed to see them crash.\nAnd fall into a sarlacc pit.
Fact: Saw someone playing Fruit Ninja on their phone and immediately killed them.
Fact: Randy played Fruit Ninja in real life, he's not allowed in that Giant Eagle anymore.
Fact: Turns out Giant Eagle didn't appreciate Bobby throwing their fruit and occasionally a live cherry bomb at Randy while he swung a katana around in the produce aisle.
Fact: Randy sucks at real-life Fruit Ninja, and ends up chopping more necks than fruit.
Fact: Randy played Bomberman in real life, he's not allowed in that Giant Eagle anymore.
Fact: Randy was more upset that he didn't get to finish listening to the Steve Miller Band song that was playing in Giant Eagle at the time they kicked him out.
Fact: Randy played Bomberman in real life, and he doesn't mind that he's not allowed in that Giant Eagle anymore. He says it's really gone to hell with all that splattered produce lying around.
Fact: Randy has been banned from 17 different Giant Eagle stores for playing "real life video games" in each of them.
Fact: Sometimes Randy like to play with toys when he takes a bath.  his favorite is a to scale replica of the Mayflower.
Fact: Sometimes Randy likes to play with toys when he takes a bath. His favorite is a hair dryer plugged in to the wall.
Fact: Sometimes Randy likes to play with toys when he takes a bath. His favorite is his pet Cthulhu.
Fact: Sometimes Randy likes to play with toys when he takes a bath. His favorite is his solid francium submarine.
Fact: Randy once took acid to see what would happen.  It burned his tongue, it wasn't that kind of acid.
Fact: Randy once smoked weed to see what would happen.  He got poison ivy, it wasn't that kind of weed.
Fact: Randy once snorted coke to see what would happen.  It gave him a headache and his boogers were brown and fizzy, it wasn't that kind of coke.
Fact: Randy once shot up heroine. She died at the end of the scene, but not before delivering a meaningful quote about the moral of the story, it wasn't that kind of heroine.
Fact: Randy once sniffed a marker to see what would happen.  His neighbor yelled at him to stop sniffing his property marker and go home.  It wasn't that kind of marker.
Fact: Randy once huffed a whippet. Smelled like dog, it wasn't that kind of whippet.
Fact: Randy once took mushrooms to see what would happen.  The manager at Eat n Park told him he'd have to pay for the salad bar now.  They weren't that kind of mushrooms.
Fact: Randy once sniffed glue to see what would happen. The mailman got really mad when Randy started sniffing all his envelopes. It wasn't that kind of glue.
Fact: Randy once took Meth to see what would happen. He got sick from sniffing all those cow farts. It wasn't that kind of meth.
Fact: Randy once took bath salts to see what would happen.  He ended up smelling like Lavender.  It wasn’t that kind of bath salt.
Fact: Randy once did LDS. He ended up becoming a Mormon, he had the letters mixed up, it wasn't that kind of LSD.
Fact: Randy doesn't fall in love, he breaks the glass ceiling with his fist and then rappels down. 
Fact: Randy once scored a 387 hit combo with a single bitch slap.
Fact: Randy's single malt whiskey has 387 malts.
Fact: Randy is willing to address the elephant in the room, but when he does, he never gets his name right. Randy knows the elephant's name, he just makes it very clear how much of a fuck he does not give about the elephant in the room whenever he's addressing it.
Fact: Randy has a cheat code. If you press up up down left b+a select start you get to pet one of his mice before he kills you.
Fact: Randy has a cheat code. If you press L1 R1 down down a you get to see what else is buried in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie before it becomes your final resting place.
Fact: Randy has a cheat code. If you mash X repeatedly at the title screen, when you go into options, there's a new item under sound, if you click on it, you can hear Randy say "What the fuck are you doing?"
Fact: Randy has a cheat code. If you hold the C stick to the left before starting a new game, you can play as Bobby instead. It's the same game, and it still says "Randy" at the top, but trust me, that's actually Bobby.
Fact: Randy has a cheat code. If you type in IDDQD, you enable "God Mode" and your cell phone stops working because all your minutes are used up from calls to Bobby.
Fact: Randy has a cheat code. If you hold in the "View 2" button when choosing your car, White misspelled Xibit will upgrade your ride before the race starts. You'll think it's cool at first, but you'll start to think you were duped
Fact: Randy has a cheat code. If you press a b a c up up start you get a bite of Randy's leftover meatloaf sandwich.
Fact: Randy has a cheat code. If you press and hold the a button and rotate the d pad clockwise twice starting with left he'll sign your Kordell Stewart rookie card..... Yes.... That way.
Fact: Randy has a cheat code. If you turn around after going through the "hard mode" portal, you can find another portal to "nightmare difficulty" where all drivers are women and you're not allowed to ask them if they like dragons.
Fact: Randy has a cheat code. If you press start on player two (Bobby) at the wood chipper scene he just charges you 8 bucks instead.
Fact: Randy has a cheat code. If you play the warp whistle while you're already in the warp zone, you'll be taken directly to Cleveland.
Fact: Randy has a cheat code. If you don't take the jetpack and just use your machine gun to jump over the huge chasm, eventually you'll get an even better jetpack, which is actually a magical hot air balloon with a chef that will cook you anything you want as long as you also get a side of sausage.
Fact: Randy has a cheat code. If you kneel down behind the third tree for 15 seconds you gotta eat sausage.
Fact: Randy has a cheat code. If you gather the bodies from the empty magical cauldron in his back yard and pass them through the wood chipper you get a copper penny.
Fact: Randy has a cheat code. If you crouch and hold on the white block in level 3, you can run behind the background at the end of the level where Randy is selling hippopotamus steaks.
Fact: Randy has a glitch. If you ask him if he likes dragons while he's asking someone if he likes dragons he and Bobby fuze and sparks shoot out until you hit reset.
Fact: Randy has a glitch. If you use the mighty foot while already kicking, you can kick with both feet, but they're both left feet, and you can see that the one on the right is actually just Randy holding a severed one in his hand.
Fact: Randy has a glitch. If you are able to simultaneously eat sausage and shoot a nail killing a mouse under his hoodie you instantly split in two and understand the existence of Bobby.
Fact: Randy has a glitch. If you need a ride between 2 different locations in Cleveland, he'll actually take a detour through Cleveland, Texas.
Fact: Randy has a glitch. If you state the obvious you go back to the beginning of the level.
Fact: Randy has a cheat code. If you press up up down left b+a select start you get to pet one of his mice before he kills you.
Fact: Randy has a glitch. If you install K2 in WordPress, the entire webserver becomes Drupal and the template layout uses HTML tables.
Fact: Randy has a glitch. If you interrupt Bobby while they're playing Double-Dash and Randy actually wins the race, Bobby is deleted and you can only restore him if you have a backup on your SD card.
Fact: Randy has a glitch, if the pizza logs aren't cold by the time he eats them the entire screen gets coated with Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy has a glitch. If you fold one of your dollar bills in half and trick him into only charging you $7, his money goes negative, and next time he lends you money, it will actually take money away from you.
Fact: Randy has a glitch. If you feed him something bite-size, he won't be able to eat it slowly, and it won't register that he ate it at all. Basically you can feed Randy an infinite supply of bite-size candy and he won't gain any weight.
Fact: Randy has a cheat code. If you drive as slow as your car let's you, you get an extra turn in Magic the gathering 
Fact: Randy has a cheat code. If you start up the game on the day the new star wars movie is coming out, Randy will be wearing a storm trooper helmet on the loading screen.
Fact: Randy has a cheat code. If you set your system date to "Cougar Night" before starting the game, Randy will have infinite hearts.
Fact: Randy has a cheat code. If you blow into the cartridge with a Darth Vader impression you get to do a meet and greet with his pap pap.
Fact: Randy has a cheat code. If you collect all the plastic bags in all the levels, at the end of the game... you'll have all the plastic bags in the game.
Fact: Randy has a cheat code. If you press right right left left start you can play as Fast Eddie McLintock.
Fact: Randy has a glitch. If the date of the next star wars movie gets moved, and Randy asks you if you're excited and you correct him on the date, you'll create a time paradox and you'll get stuck in a loop similar to Groundhog Day.
Fact: Randy has a cheat code. If you press Z or R twice while standing on a barrel of rocks, it will turn into a stack of cassette tapes of Journey, Def Leppard, and Boston.
Fact: Randy has a glitch. If you pay 8 bucks to enter his diner you get actual food.
Fact: Randy has a glitch. If you don't actually have a left foot and you piss him off, he'll keep trying to take it anyways and he'll just follow you around everywhere.
Fact: Randy has a glitch. If you stop half-way through Black Magic Woman without playing the bitchin' outro, Carlos Santana turns into Carlos Satan and destroys the world.
Fact: Randy played Rampage in real life, he's not allowed in that Giant Eagle anymore. He and Bobby just climbed over all the aisles punching and eating things until security escorted them out of the store.
Fact: Randy has a glitch. If you play a get out of jail free card in magic the gathering he merges with Bobby and tries picking locks with hot sauce.
Fact: Randy has a cheat code. If you're carrying a bottle of hot sauce, you can fit an extra 6 items in your inventory. 
Fact: Randy has a glitch. If you skip the Cleveland checkpoint, you can actually get to your destination directly, but Randy won't let you out of his vehicle until you go through Cleveland, so speedrunners tend to avoid this particular glitch.
Fact: Randy once did speed. Keanu Reeves didn't appreciate it but at least he was happy to finally meet Randy. It wasn't that kind of speed.
Fact: Randy has a cheat code. If you type "idkfa" Randy will personally deliver a box of bullets, a shotgun, and a red, yellow, and blue key. The bullets don't go to the shotgun and the keys are just those plastic ones that come on teething rings, but it looks pretty sweet.
Fact: Randy has a cheat code. If you type "dnscotty" followed by a few numbers Randy will take you to a more dangerous alien civilization depending on how high the number is. If you pay him 8 bucks for the expansion, he might even take you to visit the white house.
Fact: Randy has a cheat code. If you type "butcher" Randy will pretty much do the same thing he was going to do anyway.
Fact: Randy has a glitch.  If you bump into him in a very particular way you see him turn his diners famous bloody Mary into a smart ass child named Mary
Fact: Randy has a cheat code. If you keep pressing the jump button as soon as you hit the ground, Randy will trip you and kick in your teeth. There's no bunny hopping with Randy!
Fact: Randy has a cheat code. If you enter in the exact number of current days until star wars episode 8, you will hear him CA-CAW. If you enter the wrong number though, you summon Randytron and it kills you.
Fact: Randy has a glitch.  If you give him a super power where the drawback is that he can never eat sausage, he reboots.
Fact: Randy has a glitch. If you run against the clipping and jump enough times, Randy will burst through the wall saying "OH YEAAAH!!!" allowing you to get through.
Fact: Randy has a glitch. If you're carrying a bottle of hot sauce, the size of your hitbox is reduced by half allowing you to fit through much smaller spaces.
Fact: Randy has a glitch. If you take Randy to the top of a white hill and crouch down for five seconds, you drop behind the hill and can access a secret room where he throws you in his woodchipper.
Fact: Randy has a cheat code. If you hold down Bobby and fall into a pit, you can jump right out without dying.
Fact: Randy can pull a Mary Poppins with the umbrella in your appletini.
Fact: Randy has a glitch. If you fire an explosive at your feet before you jump you'll jump higher. You'll die, but you were only jumping to get away from Randy and he was probably going to kill you anyway.
Fact: Randy likes to crack his knuckles.  This way, when he punches you in the face, you're also addicted to crack.
Fact: Randy has a glitch. If you are falling and hit any part of Randy's sprite he'll take damage as if you jumped on his head. But the princess was in another castle anyway so there's no reason to piss him off.
Fact: Randy once smoked crack just to see what would happen. It caused an earthquake and destroyed a small village. It wasn't that kind of crack.
Fact: Randy always carries around a bottle of rum so he can "baptize children".
Fact: Randy believes in sprinkle baptism. It took a year for the priests to convince him to stop baptising kids in a donut shop.
Fact: Priests didn't want Randy to baptize kids in donuts shops because of the lascivious nature of donuts.
Fact: Randy baptizes kids by spitting on them three times each.
Fact: Randy loves to pop pills.  He puts pills in a popcorn popper before he takes them.  They don't pop or anything, and he might realize that if he wasn't on so many fucking pills.
Fact: Randy has gotten shit-faced high off of placebos.
Fact: Randy spits on smart ass kids... by shoving a rotisserie fork through them and roasting them over an open fire.
Fact: Randy makes a mean ass child rotisserie over an empty magical cauldron in his backyard.
Fact: Randy's business card is a Kordell Stewart Rookie card.
Fact: The receptionist at Topps can't figure out why people keep calling and begging them not to cut off their left foot. It's really weird and they're about to call the cops.
Fact: Randy once laminated a caribou.
Fact: Randy once bedazzled a capybara.
Fact: Randy once single ruled a tardigrade.
Fact: Randy once put rims on an ostrich.
Fact: Randy once lacquered a jackalope.
Fact: Randy once 3 hole punched an armadillo.
Fact: Randy once puffy painted an eagle.
Fact: Randy once stapled antlers on a mouse. They made a movie about it starring Bill Murray but Randy's never seen it.
Fact: Randy once plastered a skunk.
Fact: Randy once made an origami platypus.
Fact: Randy invented non-Euclidean driving, and believes all women to have adopted it's style.
Fact: Randy can solve for any side of a square using the pythagorean theorem
Fact: Randy can use pythagorean's theorem to find the width of 3 angels.
Fact: Yoda totally stole Randy's line. It was originally "Do or Do not. All polygons are made out of triangles."
Fact: Randy knows that when a circle's diameter is 1, it's circumference is delicious
Fact: When Randy holds down the fort, he does so with a can of Henry's Wet-Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy hates flex seal.  Last time flex seal came around he said, "put your fucking shirt back on and go sing Kiss from a Rose."
Fact: Randy hates flex seal. Last time flex seal came around, he clubbed it.
Fact: Randy hates flex seal.  He hates dancing and flex seal always wants to go clubbing.
Fact: Randy has plans to peel an orange with Maria from Sesame Street.
Fact: Randy keeps his wood chipper next to his lawn furniture.
Fact: A chicken with its head cut off runs because it is running away from Randy.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner but he greatly misunderstood fried chicken. He would only serve the left drumsticks of each chicken. He insisted it was way more humane than butchering the whole chicken.
Fact: In the beginning, God created the Heaven and the Earth, and the Earth was without form and void. And Randy was like, "Aw man, God, 6 days until the world is created, are you excited?"
Fact: In the movie "The Ring", when people pick up the telephone after watching the haunted video, they hear Randy on the other line saying, "Aw man, you're gonna die in 7 days, are you excited?"
Fact: Randy's neighbor likes Randy's music so much he threw a brick through his window just to hear it better.
Fact: Randy's neighbor likes Ska music so much he told Randy to pick-it-up-pick-it-up-pick-it-up.
Fact: Randy once baked a cake with Donna Summer, it got left out in the rain. She called him up for the recipe, but he already used up all his shared minutes calling Bobby. 
Fact: When Randy's neighbor threw a brick through his window to hear his music better, the song he heard was Annie Lennox - "Walking on Broken Glass".
Fact: Randy likes to throw a trough through the drive-thru, though not as much as he likes to throw pomegranates at an old folks home.
Fact: Too many animated pictures of Randy will make your computer fans turn on, but it's ok. They're actually just cheering.
Fact: Randy loves vending machines.  He feels like snacks only reach their full flavor potential after they fall.  When Randy buys a candy bar, he throws it on the ground first before eating it.
Fact: The fall of man was just Randy getting Adam and Eve out of a vending machine.
Fact: Randy dropped candy bar from orbit, and then dove after it, caught it, and ate it during reentry. It tasted amazing.
Fact: Scientists have discovered several craters in the earths crust with traces of chocolate. This is widely believed to be due to Randy having second thoughts about the candy bar he was planning on eating.
Fact: Too many animated pictures of Randy will turn on your cougars. But it okay, Randy needs his juice box filled.
Fact: The crater that killed the dinosaurs is believed to have been made after Randy discovered pot.
Fact: Pot was a gateway drug for Randy. After he was done with pot, he started doing the bigger and more expensive stuff... like antique pottery and ming vases.
Fact: Speed was a gateway drug for Randy. After he was done with speed, he started doing the bigger and more expensive stuff... like acceleration and jerk.
Fact: Coke was a gateway drug for Randy. After he was done with coke, he started doing the bigger and more expensive stuff... like LaCroix.
Fact: Heroine was a gateway drug for Randy. After he was done with heroine, he started doing the bigger and more expensive stuff... like hero, villain, and shameless plot device.
Fact: Randy has a lime flavored light saber. He asks cougars if they want to taste it every thursday.
Fact: One time Randy got shit-faced drunk and tried to finish off a shot of tequila with his lime-flavored lightsaber and ended up cutting half his face off. Good thing he heals  quickly.
Fact: Randy doesn't understand the concept of shit faced drunk.  When he gets drunk, he doesn't see why you'd want to put that on your face.  He does it anyway, he just doesn't get it.
Fact: Randy won't eat a foot long hot dog because no one will tell him which foot it is.
Fact: Randy drinks beer out of a road cone.  He plugged the one end up with Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy drinks rum and coke out of a colander. He plugs up the bottom side with Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy drinks long island ice tea out of a garden hose. He plugs up the other end with Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy drinks vodka out of a lead pipe. He plugs up the other end with Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy drinks dry martinis out of a donut. He plugs up the bottom end with Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy drinks margaritas out of a hula hoop. He completely covers one side with Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy drinks bloody mary's out of a bathroom mirror. He coats the front of the mirror with Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement and says her name three times. When she's completely crushed by the impact with the impenetrable coating, he uses a straw to drink up the results.
Fact: Randy drinks ayahuasca out of a wormhole. He plugs up the other end with Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy drinks frozen daiquiris out of a deck of cards. He holds as many cards as he can into the rough shape of a martini glass and glues them together with Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy drinks Mai Tais out of the country of Liechtenstein. He seals up the country's entire border with Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement and tilts Austria to the side.
Fact: Randy drinks grog out of a manhole. He plugs up every outlet in the entire sewer system with Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy drinks gin and tonic out of a sponge. This doesn't require any Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement. Sponges are actually much easier to drink out of than you might think.
Fact: When Randy's not feeling well, he plugs up all of his holes with Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement. That shit will stop leaky noses too.
Fact: Randy drinks whiskey sours out of rabbit skulls. He plugs up everything but the eye holes with Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Bobby drinks bloody mary's out of the back of Randy's car. This time he actually needs the hot sauce to fit it in.
Fact: If you stare into a mirror in a dimly lit room and say Randy's name 3 times, he will appear and slap your ass for disturbing him.
Fact: Cougars will often stare into a mirror in a dimly lit room and say Randy's name 3 times, just to have their asses slapped by him.
Fact: Randy drinks mimosas out of a lamp shade. He plugs up the other end with Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy drinks champagne out of a champagne glass. He's not uncivilized, people!
Fact: Randy drinks butterbeer out of a wizard hat. He coats the top with Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy drinks toilet water out of a Bon Jovi 1986 world tour travel mug.  He plugs up his ears when Bon Jovi comes on the radio with Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy drinks jello shots out of pretty much anything he wants. It's made of jello.
Fact: Randy has been living on a prayer since 1983 to save on rent, but God just recently made him pack up his tent and move.
Fact: Randy drinks Irish coffee out of an electric guitar. He folds it in half and covers the sides with Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy drinks stolen juice boxes out of the juice box.  He coats the victims breathing orifices with Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement then steals their juice box.  It really fills Randy's Juice Box.
Fact: Randy drinks alabama slammers out of his spare tire. He covers the other end with Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing. He also retreads it with Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing as well to make it all weather.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped Vince Offer and created the slap chop.
Fact: Randy has a cheat code.  If you play the 3 stooges card game with all 10 decks he slaps you for real.  I said decks people.
Fact: Randy drinks piña coladas out of a corrugated pipe. He coats the other end with Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement and hopes that it wasn't drilled to make a french drain.
Fact: Randy drinks screwdrivers out of an actual screwdriver. He coats the screwdriver with  Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement and bends space time to invert the screw driver into a concave shape. But mostly, I think it's the Henry's.
Fact: Randy drinks Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement directly from the can. He can't write his signature anymore.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what Red Eye Gravy was.  He'd force people to smoke weed, harvest their bloodshot eyes to create a sauce for your meal, and charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what black eyed peas are.  He'd punch you in the face, take a picture of your shiner, and charge you 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy once went 12 days without eating.  He called it lunch.
Fact: Randy drinks Mojitos out of a bird bath. He covers all of the birds with Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement so that they'll suffocate and stop bothering him while he enjoys his drink.
Fact: Randy drinks his Shirley Temple out of a dug up grave in Woodside California.
Fact: Randy drinks his basically everything else out of a dug up unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Randy drinks his bill Cosby in a ..... wait, where am I?
Fact: Randy drinks boilermakers out of old VHS cassettes. He plugs up the other side with Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy has a bar in his basement, but based on the assortment of drinking receptacles, you'd never guess it was a bar aside from the overwhelming stench of alcohol.
Fact: Randy has a bar in his basement, but based on the assortment of drinking receptacles, it hurts about as bad to walk into it as it does to walk into a metal pole.
Fact: Randy used me as a reference, I pointed them to the facts. He didn't get the bartending job because he showed up with a crate full of Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement and a truckload of junk that looked like it should have been headed to a thrift store.
Fact: Randy has a bar in his basement, but you actually go up steps to get to it. Randy sets the bar high.
Fact: Randy has a bar in his basement, it got inspected once. Now he has a license to practice law!
Fact: Randy has a bar in his basement.  It's a metal bar that used to be straighter but he's bludgeoned many a hobo.
Fact: Randy has a bar in his basement. It's a metal bar that used to be straighter but he needed practice for making balloon animals, and he figured he might as well start at a higher difficulty level.
Fact: Randy's favorite shoes are pumas, because a puma is just another name for a cougar
Fact: Randy's favorite hockey team is the Florida Panthers, because a panther is just another name for a cougar.
Fact: Randy is a big fan of Penn State, because a Nittany Lion is just another name for a cougar.
Fact: Randy drinks a drink called Loneliness out of a rolled up mortgage paper. He coats it with Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement and then mumbles some kind of insult at Billy Joel.
Fact: Randy's favorite cologne is called "Dirty Lake Water".
Fact: Randy’s favorite cologne is called “Sex Panther” because Panther is another name for cougar.
Fact: Randy sometimes visits the renaissance fair on Thursday nights where the haguars fill his mead-box.
Fact: You can tell when Randy is visiting the renaissance fair because there are way more carriages with "my apprentice is an honor student" signs.
Fact: You can tell when Randy is visiting the renaissance fair because there is a carriage there with a "Mine other steed is thy lady" sign.
Fact: You can tell when Randy is visiting the renaissance fair because there is a carriage there with a "Wherefore seekest thou a princess when thou mayest partake of a queen?" sign.
Fact: You can tell when Randy is visiting the renaissance fair because you'll find him upon yon parapet in naught but a loincloth crying out with a loud voice, "Tis the twilight of the hill cat, strumpets!"
Fact: You can tell when Randy is visiting the renaissance fair because the blood of thy boastful posterity shall be cast about as they do perish by way of his great bladed apparatus.
Fact: You can tell when Randy is visiting the renaissance fair because you'll see people walking around with hippopotamus steaks which they purchased for 8 gold coins.
Fact: You can tell when Randy is visiting the renaissance fair because you'll see the carriage that White misspelled Xibit returned to him drawn by two rocking horses. "You like rock music, right?" Randy found it a boon at first glance, but doth begin to think himself played for a fool.
Fact: You can tell when Randy is visiting the renaissance fair because he did in times past keep an inn, though the substance of pork roast was lost to him, he did snare him a boar, chastised it before the throng, and taxed it 8 gold coins.
Fact: You can tell Randy is visiting the renaissance fair because he knoweth many a lady, though the manner by which, Eric is loathe to bespeak it.
Fact: You can tell Randy is visiting the renaissance fair because he possesseth a charlatans cipher, shouldst thou supply thy name as "Sir Robert", then upon every chariot race shall fortune smile upon thee.
Fact: You can tell Randy is visiting the renaissance fair because he doth stand at the command of an host of warriors with locks of crimson.
Fact: You can tell Randy is visiting the renaissance fair because he doth entreat the folk, "But a season fore the latter celestial panoply, are ye provoked unto joy?"
Fact: You cannot tell Randy is visiting the renaissance fair because he is but EXCEEDINGLY skilled in the arcane arts of delusion.
Fact: You can tell Randy is visiting the renaissance fair because his bosoms do gesture unto the northerly region.
Fact: You can tell Randy is visiting the renaissance fair because he doth quaff his ale from a goblet sealed with Sir Henry's sodden-mend canopy plaster, tis avowed that it shall halt rupture.
Fact: You can tell Randy is visiting the renaissance fair because when he doth send for another, he is able to call upon but one, the sir of the dark winged creatures of the night.
Fact: You can tell Randy is visiting the renaissance fair because he doth barter for goods with a squire token of Kordell Stewart.
Fact: You can tell Randy is visiting the renaissance fair because he doth stow a bounty of wares within his carriage by way of a vial of fiery potion.
Fact: You can tell Randy is visiting the renaissance fair because he may conjure spikes forth from his hands, though he is cursed to dine upon minced meat.
Fact: You can tell Randy is visiting the renaissance fair because he striketh a lute with the back side of his hand from the charge of a minstrel it is transfigured unto an instrument of power, upon which Randy doth shred an exceedingly righteous solo.
Fact: You can tell Randy is visiting the renaissance fair because he doth call upon the crossbows as wench ballistas.
Fact: You can tell Randy is visiting the renaissance fair because he doth wield a sandwich of twofold meat and cheese.
Fact: You can tell Randy is visiting the renaissance fair because he doth endorse scrolls with gilded torrent.
Fact: You can tell Randy is visiting the renaissance fair because he hath not toiled upon the land nor hath he builded him works of stone, though he doth give ear unto the hymns of peasants, therefore he doth make congress with the beasts of the field.
Fact: You can tell Randy is visiting the renaissance fair because he preacheth unto his subjects at the Jakicic Hall of Wisdom for Doppelgangers of Paltry Marksmanship.
Fact: You can tell Randy is visiting the renaissance fair because he is called by many names when entering unto an inn or raising his voice in song. I did erstwhile happen upon him being hailed as Sir Sexalot of Cougarton.
Fact: Randy never uses the line "Come out come out wherever you are" when he's hunting down his victims. He knows exactly what you're hiding behind, and he's about to fuck that shit up too.
Fact: Randy doesn't experience power outages.  He bitch slaps the power back on.
Fact: Randy tried to pay for his coffee with angelbucks, but they weren't accepted at Starbucks. 
Fact: You can tell Randy is visiting the renaissance fair for Randy hast acquired adeptness in way of his oratory. Thus he scribeth poems upon yon scroll. Unbeknownst to the aforementioned, my eyes doth gaze upon the rhymes and their words are written as such: "My song rings amiss to the years of young maidens, lest not yon plagiarists pile hate in, to aged haguars like aged wine it ferments, as valuable to me as purely minted copper pence. Stifle yon lips, Jay. Prose to your birth mother!"
Fact: Randy was late for work this morning because a semi flipped over on the highway to Hell, dumping an entire load of handbaskets and their contents all over the road.
Fact: Randy doesn't jump the gun, he jumps the bullets. It's more dangerous that way. 
Fact: Randy doesn't strike while the iron's hot. The iron is hot because he strikes. He's got shirts to press, and that iron knows better than to make him late for work!
Fact: Randy bitch slapped an iron and made it hot.
Fact: When the iron gets hot, Randy goes on strike.
Fact: When the iron gets hot, Randy pitches a strike.
Fact: When the going gets tough, Randy drinks prune juice.
Fact: Randy once broke a promise in half
Fact: When the iron gets hot, Randy watches The Empire Strikes Back.
Fact: Randy considered becoming an artist, but all his trees kept coming out angry
Fact: Randy keeps his promises... they're buried in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: The iron is hot because Randy's skeleton is on fire.
Fact: Randy's angry trees would actually jump off the canvas and attack you.
Fact: When the iron gets hot, Randy borrowed Tony Starks portable, personal air conditioner again. Seriously Randy. How is Tony Stark going to save the world if he overheats?
Fact: Randy got a merit badge for being able to light the campfire without matches.  His method?  Spinal Tap.  His skeleton is on fire.
Fact: Randy got a merit badge for his kindness to animals.  One look at his layer of live mice was all it took.
Fact: Randy got a merit badge for helping a little old lady across the street, then into her house. What happened from there definitely wouldn't have earned him a merit badge.
Fact: Randy got a merit badge for fishing, he didn't catch anything but the sweedish fish he shared with the platoon hit the spot.
Fact: Randy got a merit badge for bird watching.  He watched the falcon he trained tear the camp counselors face off for not giving him the bird watching badge sooner.
Fact: Randy got a merit badge for good citizenship. He built an ocean liner out of the residents of Cape Cod.
Fact: Phil Kessel makes the Randy run, but it takes considerably longer than 12 parsecs.
Fact: White misspelled Xibit returned Randy's kayak with chrome plating.  He said "This will get you ALL the eskimo ladies."  Randy thought it sounded cool at first, but he's starting to think he was duped. It doesn't float anymore.
Fact: White misspelled Xibit returned Randy's kayak with a motor on it.  It was a Corvette engine.  It wasn't hooked up to anything, it was just kind of in it.  Randy thought the sound of a kayak with 400 hp was cool at first, but he's starting to think he was duped.  It doesn't float anymore.
Fact: Randy entered the Regatta "anything that floats" contest by coating his shoes in Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement. He won of course.
Fact: Randy did the Kessel run in a kayak.
Fact: Randy booked his trip through the Kessel run on <http://kayak.com|kayak.com>
Fact: Randy threw an old folks home in a kayak and threw pomegranates at the old folks home whilst kayaking.
Fact: Randy has a merit badge for shotput.  He replaced the shotput with a pomegranate, and the field with the side of an old folks home.
Fact: Randy can paddle a kayak slower than you.
Fact: Randy has paddled a kayak on land.
Fact: Randy drinks scotch out of a schooner. He covers part of it with Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: I mean, seriously. Have YOU ever paddled a kayak that far down the pacific coast? Randy has! It takes ridiculous upper body strength, more than enough to earn a merit badge in kayaking regardless of what crimes are committed first.
Fact: It would take a lot of supplies too. Like water, and food. Fortunately for Randy he just took a container of sweet and sour chicken and it lasted him the 3 days that it took him to navigate the coast. If you ask me, he DESERVES that merit badge in kayaking.
Fact: Randy is the first person to paddle a kayak from Alaska to Cleveland.
Fact: Randy measures the weight of packages in left feet. Everything else is considered metric.
Fact: And winter.
Fact: Randy got a merit badge for kayaking when he punched an Inuit off the coast of Alaska, stole his kayak, and left him in the freezing water. He had to paddle it all the way south to Depoe Bay, Washington to escape the cops. I mean, it's not like he earned a badge for non-violence.
Fact: Randy holds the world record for most pointless kayak trip ever.  He has a merit badge for that too.
Fact: Randy doesn't move his kayak across the globe, he moves the globe under his kayak.  It was yesterday 4 minutes ago.
Fact: When someone attacks Randy with a ruler, he launches countermeasures.
Fact: If you don't like Randy, it's probably because you're holding on to some silly grudge about him _actually_ killing you. Randy doesn't make empty threats.
Fact: If you don't like Randy, it's probably because you're hopping around on your right foot.
Fact: If you don't like Randy, it's probably because you had smart-ass children. On the other hand, you may _like_ Randy because of that.
Fact: If you don't like Randy, it's probably because you also don't like dragons.
Fact: If you don't like Randy, it's probably because you're not a woman who appreciates Journey's Greatest Hits album.
Fact: If you don't like dragons, you _definitely_ won't like Randy
Fact: If you don't like Randy, it's probably because you're not excited for Star Wars Episode 8
Fact: If you don't like Randy, it's probably because you don't like Bobby.
Fact: If you don't like Randy, it's probably because you have Geminiphobia
Fact: If you don't like Randy, it's probably because you need to get to where you're going quickly, and don't need to go to Cleveland.
Fact: If you don't like Randy, it's probably because you're a bone doctor and weren't properly equipped to deal with the OR turning into a blazing inferno in the middle of surgery.
Fact: If you don't like Randy, it's probably because you think you can pimp a ride, but he eventually thinks he's been duped.
Fact: The roads in Maryland run red with the blood of Randy's enemies.
Fact: If you don't like Randy, your name is probably Tom.
Fact: If you don't like Randy, go to Hell, but don't bother bringing any electronic devices with you because Randy will probably throw a blanket over his solar panel just to spite you.
Fact: If you don't like Tom, you and Randy are probably friends.
Fact: Tom is _still_ a dick
Fact: If you don't like Randy, it's probably because you're unwilling to pay more than $7.99 for a meal.
Fact: If you don't like Randy, it's probably because you're a Columbian druglord and ever since Eric told him about "skadoosh" you can't get more than $8 a bag.
Fact: If you don't like Randy, it's probably because you're Chuck Norris, and you are embarrassingly envious.
Fact: If you don't like Randy, it's probably because you are God, and he's used up all your shared minutes AGAIN on phone calls to Bobby, and you don't understand why Bobby can't just get a phone on the same plan, but you're not going to point that out for Randy, Randy should figure that out for himself.
Fact: If you don't like Randy, it's probably because you paid $129.99 for one of his Star Wars deals and couldn't really appreciate the good parts about whatever he did for you.
Fact: If you don't like Randy, it's probably because you're the real Xzibit, and you're sick and tired of Randy confusing some you with a white dude that doesn't even know how to spell your name or pimp a ride.
Fact: If you don't like Randy, it's probably because you're bachelor #3 and you don't stand a fucking chance.
Fact: Randy once starred on a reality TV series, but he actually killed several other members of the show during one of the episodes, and that was just too real.
Fact: If you don't like Randy, it's probably because _nobody_ likes you.
Fact: When Randy gets locked out of the office, he just builds an even better office next to it, and puts the previous one out of business.
Fact: When Randy spontaneously combusts, he doesn't look at the explosion.
Fact: When Randy steps on a land mine, he doesn't look at the explosion.
Fact: When Randy is watching vine compilations of bombs being detonated on YouTube, he doesn't look at the explosion.
Fact: When Randy does a rocket jump, he doesn't look at the explosion.
Fact: When Randy sets off fireworks for the 4th of July, he doesn't look at the explosion.
Fact: When Randy breaks a string into an array using the explode() function in PHP, he doesn't look at the explosion.
Fact: When Randy swallows a live hand grenade, he doesn't look at the explosion.
Fact: When Randy has too many cats in Dwarf Fortress, he doesn't look at the catsplosion.
Fact: Randy once bitch slapped a horse fly, it sold for 8 bucks.
Fact: When Randy bitch slaps a star and creates a black hole, he doesn't look at the implosion.
Fact: When Randy signs his name against a hillside, he doesn't look at the erosion.
Fact: Randy's future is so bright, he has to wear a welding mask.
Fact: When Randy says that things are looking up, a little severed hand and an orange rock guy look the hell up.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped an ugly duckling and it turned into an even uglier swan.
Fact: Randy's future is so bright, last time he went to a fortune teller the crystal ball caught the tent on fire.
Fact: Randy was at The Last Supper. He's got some leftovers in his fridge that he's still working on.
Fact: Randy was at The Last Supper. He hogged a whole side of the table and every one had to sit on the other side while Leonardo Da Vinci painted it
Fact: Though he would often make the offer, nobody ever let Randy wash their feet during Biblical times.
Fact: Randy absolutely will not eat green eggs and ham, unless it's with a squire, on a high wire, that's on fire.
Fact: Randy will not eat green eggs and ham. He will not eat them with a stripper. He will not eat them in a wood chipper.
Fact: Randy will not eat green eggs and ham. He will not eat them with a cougar. He will not eat them served by Freddy Krueger.
Fact: Randy will not eat green eggs and ham. He will not eat them with a killer. He will not eat them while watching thrillers. He will not eat green eggs and ham. We will not eat them, son of sam.
Fact: Randy will not eat green eggs and ham. He will not eat them in the wild. He will not spare your smart ass child.
Fact: Randy performs at carnivals as a fire breather. Instead of lighting the alcohol with a torch, he just rolls up his sleeve and uses his forearm.
Fact: Randy performs at carnivals as a fire juggler. Instead of using torches, he just pulls out 3 rib bones.
Fact: Randy can throw fireballs. Actually, they're just the mice under his hoodie that have caught fire from his skeleton. Makes for a fun party trick, until he catches the house on fire with flaming mice.
Fact: Randy can throw fireballs. But one time he accidentally caught the house on fire and killed everyone inside. It was a total party killer.
Fact: Randy will not eat green eggs and ham. He will not eat them on other planets. He will not stop throwing pomegranates.
Fact: Randy will not eat green eggs and ham. "I want you to eat them" the cougar shouted, but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy will not eat green eggs and ham. He will not eat them with a fox. They simply don't fill his juice box.
Fact: Randy will not eat green eggs and ham. He will not eat them with a tiger. He won't eat blue tortillas either.
Fact: Randy will not eat green eggs and ham. He will not eat them with a dude named Paco. But at least one time he tried a taco.
Fact: It's mom season, and Randy already pre-purchased his license.
Fact: Somebody borrowed Randy's favorite pen and never return it. So Randy borrowed his left foot and never returned it either.
Fact: Borrowing Randy's favorite pen is his favorite reason for taking your left foot.
Fact: Borrowing Randy's favorite pen is a cougars favorite activity.
Fact: Randy will not eat green eggs and ham. He will not eat them with left feet. He will not eat them at sheetz. 
Fact: Randy will not eat green eggs and ham. He will not eat them with an order of Spanish rice. He will not eat them with a layer of live mice.
Fact: Randy will not eat green eggs and ham. He will not eat them with a bagel and cream cheese. He will not eat them with black eyed peas. He will not eat green eggs and ham. He will not eat them Will. I. Am
Fact: White misspelled Xibit pimped Erron's Ride back from Northway training. Randy took him to Northway, but Xibit drove the car directly to a shady garage and sold all the pieces as "vintage" car parts. When he returned with nothing but the steering wheel he said: "Man, you owned a sweet vintage ride. Now you're an antique car collector!". Randy was excited at first, but he's starting to think that he was duped.
Fact: Randy tells the voices in his head what to do.
Fact: Randy owns a lot of weapons, but none of them are standard issue. They're all basically cheap knock offs and improvised weapons. He owns a flub nosed revolver, an OK 47, and a desert beagle.
Fact: Randy owns a lot of weapons, but none of them are standard issue. They're all basically cheap knock offs and improvised weapons. His Beau and Arrow basically consists of of Jeff Bridges and his brother throwing a javelins at people.
Fact: Randy owns a lot of weapons, but none of them are standard issue. They're all basically cheap knock offs and improvised weapons. He has a spiked mace hanging on one of the walls. It's basically pepper spray with a little bit of rum.
Fact: Randy owns a lot of weapons, but none of them are standard issue. They're all basically cheap knock offs and improvised weapons. His flame thrower just posts angry rants as comments on youtube videos.
Fact: Randy owns a lot of weapons, but none of them are standard issue. They're all basically cheap knock offs and improvised weapons. He dug up part of his yard and threw it in an old abandoned coal mine.
Fact: Randy owns a lot of weapons, but none of them are standard issue. They're all basically cheap knock offs and improvised weapons. His uzi is just a length of sewer pipe.
Fact: Randy owns a lot of weapons, but none of them are standard issue. They're all basically cheap knock offs and improvised weapons. His sawed-off shotgun doesn't actually have any barrel left on it at all.
Fact: Randy owns a lot of weapons, but none of them are standard issue. They're all basically cheap knock offs and improvised weapons. His mac-10 is actually made from 5 Apple IIEs.
Fact: White misspelled Xibit pimped Randy's blowgun. He handed him a bunch of darts and told him now his spread is increased. Randy thought it sounded cool at first, but he's starting to think he was duped.
Fact: Randy owns a lot of weapons, but none of them are standard issue. They're all basically cheap knock offs and improvised weapons. Randy's blow gun is completely made out of cocaine.
Fact: Randy's blowgun makes a "skadoosh" sound every time he fires it.
Fact: Randy owns a lot of weapons, but none of them are standard issue. They're all basically cheap knock offs and improvised weapons. His PP7 has his signature on it 7 times.
Fact: Randy owns a lot of weapons, but none of them are standard issue. They're all basically cheap knock offs and improvised weapons. His PP7 is a golden PP7.
Fact: Randy owns a lot of weapons, but none of them are standard issue. They're all basically cheap knock offs and improvised weapons. His brass knuckles are just made of a bunch of copper pennies with high zinc content glued together.
Fact: Randy owns a lot of weapons, but none of them are standard issue. They're all basically cheap knock offs and improvised weapons. He's got this... thing... I don't even know how to describe it... it's basically all the things he drinks various forms of alcohol in, duct-taped together, on the end of a pole. I've never actually seen him use it but I bet it hurts like a motherfucker when you get hit by it.
Fact: Randy has a favorite thing about IE.
Fact: Randy owns a lot of weapons, but none of them are standard issue. They're all basically cheap knock offs and improvised weapons. He has hand grenades that clap and tell you what a good job you are doing.
Fact: Many lives have been saved during Randy's public performances due to one of his live hand grenades rolling out of his backpack and detonating just as he finished.
Fact: Randy is an accomplished ventriloquist, one time I caught him imitating the sound of a vacuum cleaner to get out of doing chores while Bobby did the dishes.
Fact: Randy is an accomplished ventriloquist, one time I caught him imitating the sound of an ice cream truck to lure smart-ass children into a wood chipper.
Fact: Randy is an accomplished ventriloquist, one time I caught him imitating the sound of a swarm of bees to make himself some honey to go on his peanut butter sandwich. No, it didn't work, but you gotta hand it to him for trying.
Fact: Randy is an accomplished ventriloquist, one time I caught him imitating the sound of the ocean inside sea shells as people picked them up and held them to their ears. Occasionally he'd add in the sound of a tug boat blasting it's horn just for shits and giggles.
Fact: Randy is an accomplished ventriloquist, one time I caught him imitating the sound of Charlie's ringtone. One time, and he's very sorry about it, he just wanted to see if he could do it.
Fact: Randy owns a lot of weapons, but none of them are standard issue. They're all basically cheap knock offs and improvised weapons. He has a child-out-of-wedlock sword. He never uses it though because he's not sure how many hands to wield it with.
Fact: Randy owns a lot of weapons, but none of them are standard issue. They're all basically cheap knock offs and improvised weapons. He has an MP3. It doesn't shoot bullets, but my god, does it _sound_ exactly like an MP5.
Fact: Randy owns a lot of weapons, but none of them are standard issue. They're all basically cheap knock offs and improvised weapons. He has an automatic semi. It doesn't shoot bullets, but when he gets it up to 60 miles per hour, it does a decent amount of damage.
Fact: Randy owns a lot of weapons, but none of them are standard issue. They're all basically cheap knock offs and improvised weapons. He has a lime-flavored Life Saver. He used it to defeat a sith lord once, but he's beginning to think green apple might have been a better choice.
Fact: Randy is an accomplished ventriloquist, one time I caught him imitating the sound of silence. I couldn't tell if he nailed it, but this dude named Simon loved it.
Fact: Randy is an accomplished ventriloquist, one time I caught him imitating another ventriloquist who was doing a horrible impression of Sylvester Stallone. I mean anyone can do a real impression but only Randy can imitate an imitation!
Fact: Randy is an accomplished ventriloquist, one time I caught him imitating the sound of a vacuum cleaner to get out of doing chores while Bobby did the dishes.
Fact: Randy is an accomplished ventriloquist, one time I caught him imitating the sound of Bobby. I guess it's not that impressive but I gave him a supportive cheer anyway.
Fact: Randy is an accomplished ventriloquist, one time I caught him imitating the sound of applause so he doesn't even have to clap to use his teleportation device.
Fact: Randy is an accomplished ventriloquist, one time I caught him imitating the sound of a honeydew smashing against a tin roof from 45 feet away during a light rain in the fall. I thought it was oddly specific.
Fact: Randy is an accomplished ventriloquist, one time I caught him imitating the sound of the radio being on so he wouldn't feel lonely when Bobby went out to get milk.
Fact: Randy is an accomplished ventriloquist, one time I caught him imitating air traffic control to get the pilot to do a touch and go in Cleveland before arriving at their final destination. 
Fact: Randy is an accomplished ventriloquist, one time I caught him imitating the sound of a girl saying "Yes" as he was asking if she liked dragons out of range where she could hear him. It was a new low for him, but he's always up for something new.
Fact: Randy is an accomplished ventriloquist, one time I caught him imitating the sound of a cash register beeping when buying groceries, but he slipped up and made an R2D2 sound instead and they found out. He's not allowed in that Giant Eagle anymore.
Fact: Randy is an accomplished ventriloquist, one time I caught him imitating the sound of someone's left foot getting chopped off in the middle of a high school dance. The music stopped and everyone immediately looked down. There was a brief pause while everyone realized Randy had pulled a fast one on them, and then laughter as the dance resumed.
Fact: Randy is an accomplished ventriloquist, one time I caught him imitating the sound of a parrot imitating a recording of Randy saying hello to me. It's hard to tell the difference, but I know that's all he was doing so I didn't bother saying hello back.
Fact: Randy owns a lot of weapons, but none of them are standard issue. They're all basically cheap knock offs and improvised weapons. He has a minigun, but it's too small for him to actually pull the trigger.
Fact: Randy owns a lot of weapons, but none of them are standard issue. They're all basically cheap knock offs and improvised weapons. He has a treebucket, which is kind of like a trebuchet, but a lot more like a bucket tied to a tree.
Fact: Randy owns a lot of weapons, but none of them are standard issue. They're all basically cheap knock offs and improvised weapons. He has a catapelt, which is kind of like a catapult, but a lot more like what you get when you try one of the various ways to skin a cat.
Fact: Randy owns a lot of weapons, but none of them are standard issue. They're all basically cheap knock offs and improvised weapons. He has a bullista, which is kind of like a ballista, but a lot more like a cow that serves you coffee.
Fact: Randy owns a lot of weapons, but none of them are standard issue. They're all basically cheap knock offs and improvised weapons. He has a buttering ram, which is kind of like a battering ram, but a lot more like smearing calories all over your gates.
Fact: Randy earns his angelbucks from his match factory in Heaven. Nobody actually has anything to set on fire up there though. Turns out matches made in Heaven really aren't that special.
Fact: A box of matches made in Heaven will run you 8 angelbucks.
Fact: Randy's favorite flavor of skittles is obesity.
Fact: Randy always eats his hershey's bar at bellevue mental hospital. Chocolate is better with nuts.
Fact: Randy broke off a 3 year contract with the Brooklyn Dodgers because he misunderstood a kit kat commercial.
Fact: Randy's favorite candy bar involves eating oreos with Eric Clapton.
Fact: Randy asked Eric Clapton about why they called him Slow Hand, but Eric didn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy's favorite color of M&amp;M is stress eating.
Fact: M&amp;Ms melt wherever Randy damn well decides they're going to melt.
Fact: Randy has hard boiled an egg in a Honda Civic.
Fact: Randy has flame-broiled a filet mignon in a Dodge Caravan.
Fact: Randy’s skeleton is NOS powered.
Fact: Randy has parboiled a potato in a Chevy Nova
Fact: Randy has zested a lemon in a Ford Edsel
Fact: Randy has basted a turkey in a Volkswagen Minibus.
Fact: Randy has shucked corn in a Model T
Fact: Randy has churned butter in a Mini Cooper.
Fact: Randy has made sushi in a '67 Chevy.  Unfortunately it came out cooked.
Fact: Randy has refried beans in a lowrider.
Fact: Randy has brewed coffee in a Sopwith Camel.
Fact: Randy has kneeded dough in a Jeep FC-150
Fact: Randy has pickled beets in an F-117/A stealth fighter.
Fact: Randy has made meatloaf in a monster truck
Fact: Randy has canned tomatoes in a panzer tank.
Fact: Randy has roasted potatoes in a space shuttle
Fact: Randy has simmered evaporated milk on a moped.
Fact: Randy has slow cooked pinto beans in a Ford Pinto
Fact: Randy has marinated chicken wings in a chariot.
Fact: Randy has fried calamari in a cadillac limo
Fact: Eric has an evil twin that hangs out with Bobby.
Fact: Eric’s evil twin is named Tom.
Fact: Randy toasts pecans in a VW Jetta TDI.
Fact: Randy toasts peanuts in a VW Golf TDI.
Fact: Randy toasts bagels in a Tesla Model S.
Fact: Randy toasts bread in a toaster.  They can't all be zingers folks.
Fact: Randy has tossed a salad in a hovercraft.
Fact: Randy burns CDs in a toaster.
Fact: Randy deep fries twinkies in a Chevy Astrovan. They can't all be zingers folks.
Fact: Randy packs other brands of bologna in the Oscar Meyer Wiener mobile.
Fact: Randy roasts chestnuts on the open fire of a rocket's exhaust
Fact: Randy bitch slapped a pencil and it became a dry erase marker.
Fact: Randy roasts left feet in the trunk of a '67 Chevy.
Fact: Randy has played "the floor is lava" in a volcano.
Fact: Randy fire walks inside of an active volcano.
Fact: Randy always fire walks, his skeleton is on fire.
Fact: Randy has played "the floor is just plain old normal, safe carpet" over a lake of lava.
Fact: Randy has played Twister in the middle of a tornado.
Fact: Randy is the reason the Dead Sea is no longer living.
Fact: Randy showers in hurricanes.
Fact: Randy has gone scuba diving in the sun.
Fact: Randy was baptized with Jack Daniels.
Fact: Eric doesn't want to talk about what Randy does during earthquakes.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped Jim Beam and turned him into Jack Daniels
Fact: Randy bitch slapped Jack Daniels and turned him into Charlie Daniels
Fact: Randy bitch slapped a Ford Pinto and made an F-150.
Fact: Randy's license was recently revoked because he thought high beams were getting stoned and drinking a bottle of whiskey.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped Charlie Daniels and turned him into Charlie's ringtone. He promptly bitch slapped that into a fiddle instead.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped a would be bitch slapper and created the high five.
Fact: Randy once murdered a guy who tried to bitch slap him with a high five.
Fact: When he goes to McDonalds and they ask if they can take his order, Randy brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: At concerts some people light lighters during the slow song, Randy brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: Randy really likes the game pin the tail on the donkey.  Only his version includes a ball and 2 endzones.  It's a lot like football actually.  Ok it IS football, but if you're playing with Randy you better call it pin the tail on the donkey.
Fact: Randy really likes the game hop scotch. The rabbits do too, but they tend to get wasted.
Fact: Randy really likes the game skeeball.  Only his version includes a ball and 2 endzones.  It's a lot like football actually.  Ok it IS football, but if you're playing with Randy you better call it skeeball.
Fact: Randy really likes the game dragon ball. Only his version includes a ball and 2 endzones. It's a lot like football actually.  Ok it IS football, but if Randy asks you if you like it, you better say yes!
Fact: When I'm playing football with Randy I can never tell if I'm playing pin the tail on the donkey or skeeball so I always ask him.  What's this game called again?
Fact: Randy really likes the movie BASEketball. Except it's starring Bugs Bunny and Michael Jordan. Ok, it's actually Space Jams, but Randy really likes the movie, so play along.
Fact: Randy can cook a mean BBQ Brisket.  Except his BBQ Brisket includes a ball and 2 endzones.  It's a lot like football actually.  Ok it IS football, but if you're playing with Randy you better call it dinner.
Fact: Randy has cooked a mean BBQ Brisket on a unicycle.
Fact: Randy has smoked ribs on a tricycle
Fact: White misspelled Xibit pimped Randy's unicycle, it now has 2 wheels and mudflaps.  He was excited at first, but the parts look like they're from his car, he's starting to think he was duped.
Fact: Randy really likes the game four square, but he plays with the Epcot center on 4 city blocks.
Fact: Randy can throw a vortex football through the side of a shark, and I've seen him do it.
Fact: Randy can throw a vortex football and hit the International Space Station, and I've seen him do it.
Fact: Randy can throw a vortex football and circumcise an ant from 3 miles away, and I've seen him do it.
Fact: For $129.99, Randy will throw a vortex football and spay or neuter your pets from 3 miles away, and I've seen him do it.
Fact: The game "Pin the Tail on the Donkey" comes from one time when Randy was playing vortex football with Bobby next to a farm in Arizona, he threw it wide and took the tail right off a donkey. The spent the rest of the day trying to reattach it with a pin.
Fact: Randy can throw a vortex football back in time, kill the creator of Nerf, and fuck up the space-time continuum with a paradox, and I've seen him do it.
Fact: Randy invented "Bitch Slap the Tail Back onto the Donkey", but it's not that popular because he's still the only one who can actually do it.
Fact: Randy went back in time and killed the inventor of vitaramblefans. They've been erased from this time line, but in the original time line they were pretty sweet.
Fact: Randy likes to scoot around town on a segway. He named it "fade to black." It's a pretty good segway!
Fact: Randy can throw a vortex football into orbit and I've seen him do it.
Fact: Randy can throw a vortex football into orbit and knock another vortex football out of orbit and I've seen him do it.
Fact: Randy can throw a vortex football into orbit, around Jupiter, and I've seen him do it.
Fact: Randy can throw a vortex football blindfolded, and I've seen him do it.  He doesn't necessarily throw it accurately.  I mean, he's not going to hit a target or anything, he's blindfolded.  It's just that he still has the motor skills to throw a vortex football without the ability to see.  It's not really much of a feat; but if it were, it'd be a left foot, and it would be on a pile somewhere in Carnegie.
Fact: Randy can throw a vortex football blindfolded, and hit an old lady on a tandem bike. I've seen him do it.
Fact: Randy can throw a blindfolded vortex football, it's not like the football knows what's going on anyways, but Randy can cause objects to become sentient sometimes just by throwing him, so just in case, he sometimes puts a blindfold on it first, and I've seen him do it.
Fact: when Randy interviews at a porn company he does not stand up to shake your hand.
Fact: Randy already works in the adult entertainment industry. If a smart ass grown up tells him a joke, he'll probably entertain the joke and not throw them into a wood chipper.
Fact: Randy failed a drug test when it came back positive for 15 different types of lethal poison. Randy tried to explain that he just likes to keep it dangerous, but they wouldn't have it.
Fact: For some reason Randy thought that the Minute Maid company was in the adult film industry.
Fact: Randy's porn star name is Juicy-Juice.
Fact: Randy's porn star name is Chip Woods.
Fact: The president of a local adult film company was arrested last week when Randy left pictures of the hydro adventures kid on their website.
Fact: Randy's porn star name is Left Footlong
Fact: Randy's porn star wars name is Darth Laider
Fact: Randy's porn name is Ralph Dildo Emerson.
Fact: Randy's porn name is Hot Bone.
Fact: Randy's porn star name is Matt Yursingles.
Fact: Randy’s porn star name is Kordell Stewart
Fact: Randy's porn star name is Coo Garrnitemoovs
Fact: Randy's porn star name is Copper Penny
Fact: Randy's porn star name is Pizza Log.
Fact: Randy's porn star name is Force Push.
Fact: Randy can throw a vortex football with such accuracy he can split an atom, and I've seen him do it.
Fact: Randy can throw a vortex football into the barrel of a sniper rifle aimed at him from a mile away and block the shot, and I've seen him do it.
Fact: Randy can throw a vortex football into Bobby's face while he's sitting right next to him, and I've seen him do it. Bobby wasn't any more impressed than anyone else should be about it, it's just something I've seen Randy do.
Fact: Many people think the sun is a huge ball of hydrogen and helium burning in the sky.  While this used to be true, the sun actually would have burnt out years ago if Randy hadn't started feeding the fire by throwing vortex footballs into it.
Fact: Randy won the space race for the US with a vortex football.
Fact: when Randy builds a website he leaves the left side of the footer blank.
Fact: Randy has one really beefy arm. He keeps it next to his absurdly large pile of severed left feet.
Fact: When someone asks you if you're a God, you say yes! Unless you're Randy.  Then you ask if you can sell the God.
Fact: Randy didn't quite understand what "adult entertainment" was when he accepted the job. On his first day he could be heard saying: "Oh man. 468 days until Star Wars 8. Nevermind, it looks like you're already excited."
Fact: Randy didn't quite understand what "adult entertainment" was when he accepted the job. On his first day he could be heard saying: "Umm... That's not the kind of Force Choke that I'm used to."
Fact: Randy was in a baseball themed porno.  His porn name was Kirby Fuckit.
Fact: Randy didn't quite understand what "adult entertainment" was when he accepted the job. On his first day he could be heard saying: "Sure, I'll use the force, but this is nothing like shooting torpedoes into an exhaust port!"
Fact: Randy drives around with a donkey in the trunk of his car.  That way he can tell people he's hauling ass.
Fact: Bobby helped Randy fit the donkey in the trunk of his car using a bottle of hot sauce.
Fact: Randy’s porn star name is :shotgun: Shitgun.
Fact: Whenever somebody says Randy's porn star name, Shitgun, on film, Randy makes the sound of a shotgun cocking. This happens even if he isn't present.
Fact: Randy starred in a porno titled "2 Girls 1 Tube with the other end sealed up with Henry's Wet-Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement".
Fact: Randy didn't quite understand what "adult entertainment" was when he accepted the job. On his first day he could be heard saying: "Well, if you say so, but she's gotta like dragons."
Fact: Randy didn't quite understand what "adult entertainment" was when he accepted the job. On his first day he could be heard saying: "Moneyshot? So like... 8 bucks?"
Fact: Randy didn't quite understand what "adult entertainment" was when he accepted the job. On his first day he could be heard saying: "Yeah, sure, but I'm going to need a bottle of hot sauce..."
Fact: Randy didn't quite understand what "adult entertainment" was when he accepted the job.  When he heard the word roleplay he and Bobby came in the next day dressed like Mario and Luigi.
Fact: Randy has a 7 string guitar.  Well, it's actually a clarinet with 7 strings hanging off of it.  Randy doesn't know shit about guitars.
Fact: The only song Randy can play on his 7 string guitar is Stairway to Heaven, and he really can only play the first 2 bars.
Fact: Guitar stores allow Randy to play the first 2 bars of Stairway to Heaven on their guitars.
Fact: Randy loved cool ranch Doritos, he wasn't happy when they became cooler ranch.  He thought they were cool enough.
Fact: Randy loved Kraft Mac &amp; Cheese. He wasn't happy when they made them shaped like Spongebob, until he realized he got a whole bowl of left feet. He's ok with it now.
Fact: Randy doesn't understand the song Welcome to the Jungle.  When Axl sings "You know where you are?  You in the jungle baby, you're gonna die!"  Randy figures the person in the jungle is dying from this "jungle fever" everyone's talking about.  Why isn't there a vaccine or something yet?
Fact: Randy contracted "jungle fever" from engaging in Jungle Love.
Fact: Randy cured himself of "jungle fever" from dancing the Jungle Boogie.
Fact: When Randy is traveling through the jungle, he makes sure to use a vine that's long enough to swing all the way to Cleveland and back to the next tree.
Fact: When Randy is traveling through the jungle he goes to Jung-ergels every thursday night to have his favorite Leopurdy fill his canteen.
Fact: Jungle cats really fill Randy's canteen.
Fact: When Randy is traveling through the African plains he goes to Water-hole-gels every thursday night to have his favorite Sheetah fill his water skin.
Fact: When Randy is traveling through the African plains, he blesses the rains.
Fact: Randy can pole vault over a raging bull.
Fact: Randy can call Batman as he's pole vaulting over a raging bull.
Fact: Randy can sharpen a toothbrush better than you can.
Fact: Randy can make a shiv out of chewed bubble gum
Fact: When Randy did time in prison, he made a shank out of the nuclear missile he smuggled into his cell.
Fact: Randy holds the Guinness World Record for punting an infant 5,354.7 kilometers. 
Fact: Randy once defused a bomb by bitch-slapping it into a pot of petunias.
Fact: When Randy spikes your drink, he actually drives a giant iron spike through your drinking receptacle.
Fact: When Randy spikes your drink, he actually smacks it downward over the net and scores. 
Fact: When Randy spikes your drink, he sticks James Marsters in it. 
Fact: Randy once spiked a bowl of punch at a party with about a pound of pure sodium. 
Fact: When Randy sees someone running along the side of the road, he rolls down his window and yells "RUN, FAT-ASS!" at them, this usually gets them to run faster to try to catch him. Randy just cares about their physical well-being.
Fact: Randy had his identity stolen, they gave it back 2 hours later because it was too much for them to handle. 
Fact: Randy had his identity stolen. A pack of mice appeared out of nowhere, gnawed his left foot off, added it to the pile, and charged him 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy had his identity stolen, when White misspelled Xibit brought it back, it was missing one of the ic's on the last name. He said  it'd be easier to pronounce that way. Randy thought it sounded cool at first but he's beginning to think he was duped. 
Fact: Randy had his identity stolen, he now collects Randy Jakicic rookie cards.
Fact: Randy had his identity stolen, he now pees the name Manuel Dobrega.
Fact: Randy had his identity stolen, it wasn't that big of a deal because he just borrowed Bobby's for a while. 
Fact: Randy had his identity stolen, unfortunately he owns the fucking diner again.
Fact: Randy's phone let's him have a three-way. 
Fact: Randy had his identity stolen. Tom is still a dick, but now that bone is on fire.
Fact: Randy had his identity stolen, he had to ask himself if he liked dragons in order to get it back. 
Fact: Randy had his identity stolen, now he has 24 credits on IMDb as a porn star using the alias Manuel Dobrega.
Fact: Randy had his identity stolen, it wasn't that big of a deal because he immediately murdered the thief.   There can be only one Randy, unless it's Bobby. 
Fact: Randy has his identity stolen, but someone asked them a Star Wars question and they realized they weren't up to the task. 
Fact: Randy had his identity stolen. Police tracked it down by following his GPS coordinates between two locations that both were not Cleveland. 
Fact: Randy had his identity stolen, it was returned to the police, on cougar night, by a group of obviously disappointed older women. 
Fact: For $129.99, Randy will send a group of bounty hunters throughout the galaxy to hunt down and kill whoever stole your identity. It's kind of a waste of time since they're most likely right here on Earth, but it's still kinda cool knowing that, somewhere out there, those guys got your back. 
Fact: Randy had his identity stolen, it was an accident and Manuel Dobrega is very sorry.
Fact: One time, Manuel Dobrega was trippin' balls and thought he was Randy, and accidentally stole his identity.
Fact: Randy's porn star name is Manuel Dobrega, at least until he gets his identity back.
Fact: When Randy is visiting Mexico, he wears a poncho and a sombrero and goes by the alias Manuel Dobrega.
Fact: Manuel Dobrega figured if Randy was using his name then it'd be ok if he stole Randy's identity. It wasn't ok.
Fact: Manuel Dobrega loves cougar night almost as much as Randy.
Fact: Cougars do not love Manuel Dobrega as much as they love Randy.
Fact: If Randy is the gangster of love, Manuel Dobrega is the punk-ass bitch of love.
Fact: Randy buys his pomegranates at a roadside produce stand from a man named Manuel Dobrega.
Fact: White misspelled Xibit pimped out a piñata for Randy one time.  Instead of candy inside, there was a smuggled illegal immigrant named Manuel Dobrega, Randy thought it was cool at first beating the shit out of a man with a stick, but he's starting to think he was duped.
Fact: Randy is a little pissed off that his pomegranates don't come in plastic bags, but he makes due with the paper ones.
Fact: When it's piñata time, Randy always gets to bat first.
Fact: When it's piñata time, nobody else ever actually gets to hit it.
Fact: When Randy was 3 years old, his mom got him a piñata for his birthday party, he gave it a stern look and it exploded into a million king-size candy bars.
Fact: ˙uʍop ǝpısdn ʇı pǝddıןɟ puɐ ʇɔɐɟ ɐ pǝddɐןs-ɥɔʇıq ǝɔuo ʎpuɐɹ
Fact: Randy puts the sword in password.
Fact: Randy calls "forgetting" "dismembering." I send him a picture of my face every other second.
Fact: Randy can play Stairway To Heaven by clapping two seashells against each other.  Robert Plants voice is a bit flat, but that may be because he stuffed him into one of two seashells.
Fact: Randy can play In Da Club by rubbing two quarters against each other.
Fact: Randy will give you his two cents, but not the copper ones, those are more valuable.
Fact: Randy can play nickelback by rubbing two nickels together. Actually, it just sounds like two small pieces of metal scraping together, but that's WAY better than nickelback, so we don't complain.
Fact: Randy can play Chopsticks by smashing two pianos together. Actually it just sounds like two pianos being smashed together, but so help you god if you don't clap.
Fact: Randy actually IS Manuel Dobrega, he's just REALLY good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: White misspelled Xibit gave Randy a customer loyalty card, Randy was excited at first, but the card looks like a Moes name badge with the name Manuel Dobrega on it, he's starting to think he was duped.
Fact: Someone tried to steal Randy's identity but got Bobby's by mistake.
Fact: When stormtroopers ask Randy to show some identification, he shows Manuel Dobrega's ID card.
Fact: When his identity gets stolen, Randy brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: When Randy's identity gets stolen, Manuel Dobrega brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: *Bitch Slap of Transmogrification* _Su_ - At will, Randy may bitch slap a creature or object which must make a Fortitude check (DC 24) or be permanently transmuted it into another object or creature of his choosing.
Fact: Before he begins, Randy establishes a danger word with his partners, just in case things get too safe.
Fact: Randy had his transmission's identity stolen, his car no longer shifts gears automatically, because it's now a Manuel transmission.
Fact: Randy and God play magic on Saturdays
Fact: Randy bitch slapped a cross once and turned it into a crossbow.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped a crossbow and it turned into a crossword puzzle.
Fact: White misspelled Xibit once pimped Randy's double cheeseburger.  When it was returned to him it was a leftover meatloaf sandwich.  Randy was excited at first, but now he's starting to think he was duped.
Fact: Sales of ham BBQ sandwiches went up 100% after Randy's identity was stolen.
Fact: When Randy had to change his name he originally wanted to use Inigo Montoya, but having actually killed that man's father, he felt that it would be in poor taste. So he went with Manuel Dobrega instead.
Fact: A more advanced look at the supply and demand curve will show that both axes actually affect each other over time. When demand is low, supply will lower to meet demand which can eventually cause a price increase with a low enough supply. For a real world example, see addendum D on conclusion #1 in the research paper titled "Pizza Logs and Randy, a Correlation vs. Causation study"
Fact: When Randy is plotting a graph, he uses a wood chipper instead of axes.
Fact: When Randy's force ghost haunts a cougar she says "Ahhhhhh, a ghost."
Fact: When Randy's force ghost haunts a cougar she says "Oooooh, a ghost!"
Fact: Randy throws honeydew at a nudist colony
Fact: Randy throws honeydew at a nudist colony. They obviously already have enough melons, but Randy doesn't care.
Fact: Every time Randy gets a new job, he hits his new colleagues with the sausage.
Fact: Every time Randy gets a new job, he hits his new colleagues with the sausage, but only the ones with superpowers have to eat it.
Fact: Randy went to see the Seth Rogan movie Sausage Party because he thought it was the next Avengers Film.
Fact: Manuel Dobrega can ninja kick a palm tree and catch a falling coconut every time.
Fact: Manuel Dobrega invented catfish noodling.
Fact: 50 shades of grey was inspired by Manuel Dobrega ordering a turkey sandwich at Subway.
Fact: Manuel Dobrega googled catfish noodling and was mildly disappointed with the results.
Fact: Through use of the silk road as a trade route, Manuel Dobrega brought the idea of catfish noodling to the people of Italy from China.
Fact: At the end of Fight Club, Randy realizes that Manuel Dobrega is actually just a split personality of his own creation and gets his identity back by running himself through a woodchipper.
Fact: Randy spent all of last Thursday evening throwing pomegranates at an old folks home.  Then he probably ate some chicken nuggets or some shit.
Fact: Randy raced in the Indy 500... on foot.  He came in dead last.  Then he probably ate some chicken nuggets or some shit.
Fact: Randy climbed Mt. Everest...alone...with no oxygen tanks....or a coat. He only made it about 30 feet up. Then he probably ate some chicken nuggets or some shit.
Fact: When Randy sticks to his guns, it's because every time he eats a really sloppy ham barbecue, he can't help but fire off a few rounds to celebrate
Fact: Randy got totally wasted off some back woods moonshine and stumbled onto a poultry farm in the middle of the night wielding a pitchfork and a torch. Wading through chickens and excrement he slipped and fell and set the entire facility ablaze. Lying there in the burning muck, he began to feel hungry and rooted around for something edible. Then he probably ate some chicken nuggets or some shit.
Fact: Sprite gets its name from when Randy first tried it. He said it tasted kind of flat.
Fact: Randy once overheard some guy in his diner saying he liked it raw dog.  So he cancelled his order, brought him an uncooked hot dog, and charged him 8 bucks.
Fact: If Randy had to be the middle of a human centipede he'd pick Tony Danza and Bea Aurthor, but he's not telling you who goes where.
Fact: Randy thinks that a human centipede is a 3 legged race. Nobody has the heart to correct him.
Fact: Randy asked the girl who played the middle of the human centipede if she liked dragons. She couldn't answer but he thinks she nodded yes.
Fact: Randy has to use twice as many people to make his human centipedes. He cuts off their left foot first and they lose half of their centipede quality that way.
Fact: Randy was attacked by a pack of cougars named The Golden Girls.
Fact: Randy was attacked by a pack of complete breakfasts named The Golden Grahams.
Fact: Randy loves the Golden Girls, but he prefers the Copper Girls since their show premiered before 1982.
Fact: Randy's favorite character on the Big Bang Theory is Sheldon. You'd think it was Penny, but she was born after 1982.
Fact: Randy was attacked by a team of Camels.  They're smokin'!
Fact: Randy was attacked by a pack of bridges named The Golden Gate.
Fact: Randy was attacked by a pack of cards. He decked them.
Fact: Randy was attacked by a pack of jets, he took it as a super power, but now he has to do his taxes every month.
Fact: Randy was a member of the Jets. During their biggest rumble, one of the rival gang members dove for his legs with a machete. So he jumped the shark, pulled out his jackknife, and delivered the killing blow.
Fact: Randy invented an Apple Plug once... but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy thinks Porkins would beat Yoda in a fight.  He's just really good at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: "Thou shalt not work or doeth thine labour upon a Thursday at the sixth hour plus 30 minutes. Even randyfacts shall wait until the appointed time of rest is over." Thus Randy hast spoken.
Fact: There were actually supposed to be 15 commandments, but Randy took a break after 10 to eat some chicken nuggets or some shit.
Fact: And on the seventh day, God rested, and Randy ate some chicken nuggets or some shit.
Fact: Randy rode a tricycle through a car wash once to clean his bike and shower at the same time.  Then he ate some chicken nuggets or some shit.
Fact: Adam and Eve ate a forbidden apple, Randy just ate some chicken nuggets or some shit.
Fact: Randy doesn't swear, mostly because the swears he knows are too vulgar for human ears to perceive, they automatically get censored upon leaving his mouth.  His favorite is &amp;#@!$=+^%&amp;#
Fact: Randy has to serve Jury Duty next week.  The case?  4000 ants are accused of dressing up like rice and robbing a Chinese restaurant.  Randy knows a couple of the ants though and they wouldn't do anything like that.
Fact: Randy once got out of jury duty because he knew a few of the ants in the trial. 
Fact: Randy can do a one armed push up with 2 arms.
Fact: Randy can do a one armed push up with no arms
Fact: Randy's idea of one armed push ups are with the one armed man standing on his back. 
Fact: Randy's armed pushups usually involve cemtex plastic explosives.
Fact: Randy's armed pushups usually involve cemtex plastic explosives, and chicken nuggets or some shit.
Fact: Randy does one armed force push ups.
Fact: Randy's idea of a granny style push up involves him with your grandma on his back filling his juicebox
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's busy stacking leaves into piles with the likeness of Abraham Lincoln.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he made plans to dig up the road his house is on, pave a new one, and name it something else.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's busy moving all the water from the Atlantic Ocean, to the Pacific Ocean.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's busy moving Carnegie to a warmer climate
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he has to vacuum the desert.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he heard there was going to be a meteor shower, and feels this is his one chance to clean a dirty ass meteor he has laying around.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's busy rerouting all roads through Cleveland.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's busy polishing turds because someone told him it couldn't be done.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's busy surfing in the Bermuda triangle.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's busy collecting asteroids from the asteroid belt in a bucket because an alien from a neighboring galaxy was bitching about them. 
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's busy trying to recreate the story of the 3 little pigs.  Usually the wolf gets shot down by police after mauling a neighborhood dog, and the pigs just run into the woods, but one of these days they're going to build that brick house he promised he'd get for his mom.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, they're conducting hot sauce experiments to see how many people they can fit into a phone booth.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's busy moving the earth closer to the sun. If he can get it a little warmer he'll take of the hoodie.
Fact: Randy created a singularity by fitting too much matter in the back seat of his Hyundai with a bottle of hot sauce that it collapsed in on itself. 
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, He's made plans to water a bush somewhere in Atlantic City.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's made plans to water a bush somewhere in Atlantis. 
Fact: Randy can’t hang out this weekend because all of his friends need rides to places they probably don’t need to go to anyways.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's going down in the sewer to look for Goombas, figures if he steps on enough of them maybe he'll find a castle and get a girlfriend.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's going down in the sewer to look for Goombas, which he did last weekend, but somebody told him the princess was in another castle.
Fact: It's not that Randy actually has anything against catapults and ballistas as siege weapons, he just considers them to be non-cannon.
Fact: It's not that Randy actually has anything against other people who've embedded circuit boards into their arms, he just considers them to be non-cannon.
Fact: It's not that Randy has any problem with his brother printing documents, he just considers it to be non-canon.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's debating the merits of corporal punishment used in elementry schools when smart ass kids say that hey is for horses at the local college.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's re-lacing all of his neighbor's shoes.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's steam cleaning all of the furniture at the local crack house.
Fact: Randy fixed the local crack house with Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's busy training his neighbors dog to breathe under water.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's busy volunteering at the local animal shelter to laminate dog licenses.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's busy training Bobby for the next swap meet.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he purchased a live chicken, he's going to wait for it to cross his street, and then interrogate it.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's busy eating enough sausage so that he can't hang out next weekend because he's building his neighbor a deck.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's going to nationals in the beat-boxing competition.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's got one foot on the boat and another foot on the dock, and these severed left feet are not going to clean themselves up!
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's made plans to make excuses as to why he can't hang out next weekend.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's got one foot on the platform, and one foot on the train, he's going back to New Orleans, to wear that ball and chain.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he has to wash his woodchipper.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he climbed Mt. Everest...alone...with no oxygen tanks....or a coat last weekend. He's still up there eating some chicken nuggets or some shit.  But he's almost done.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's writing a song for this girl he likes, but first he's gotta learn how to play the piano.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's starring in a one man show. It's also a one audience member show... but Bobby has always been supportive.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's busy not writing you a love song, because you asked for it.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he has plans to get a drink at Cruze bar in the strip and try and figure out why neither he or any of the guys in there can get a girlfriend.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's being motivated to work hard by an empty-nester down the street... but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's busy painting lines on the highway with out stopping traffic.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's busy renaming people he doesn't like to Hirambe in the hopes that they get shot too.
Fact: Randy stars in the sequel to the human centipede, it's called the superhuman centipede.
Fact: Randy can’t hang out this weekend, he has to wait for the guys to unload a truck so they'll stop blocking the street so he can go home.
Fact: When Randy got finished shooting his fan remake of the movie Human Centipede, he named it "Harambe".
Fact: When Randy jumps into a gorilla enclosure the gorilla shoots himself.
Fact: Randy can’t hang out this weekend, he's writing a book on the nutritional value of the human eye.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend because he's stuck behind a garbage truck
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend because he took a late lunch on Friday
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend because he's counting the grains of salt in a salt shaker at Denny's.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend because he's counting the teeth on a great white shark.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend because he's trying to get his degree.  He's majoring in First Degree murder.
Fact: Randy can’t hang out this weekend, he's trying convince the scientific community to consider Pluto a planet again.
Fact: Randy only wants the scientific community to consider Pluto a planet again so that he can bitch slap it back into dwarf planet status.
Fact: Randy doesn't play dwarf fortress, be plays dwarf planet.
Fact: Randy plays dwarf planet by just making himself really tall. Saves a lot on development time.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped reality and created Dwarf Fortress.
Fact: Randy secured his identity by stapling it to the top of his bicycle helmet.
Fact: Randy secured his identity by soldering it to his keychain.
Fact: Randy wears Jnco jeans just so he can facilitate having his keychain.
Fact: Randy was gonna get a chain wallet, but then he said... fuck that, I'll just be responsible.
Fact: Randy can’t hang out this weekend because he needs some hot sauce.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend because he can't fit in the door without a bottle of hot sauce.
Fact: Randy can't fit hit keychain in his pocket without a bottle of hot sauce.
Fact: Randy secured his identity by fastening it to a metal pole with a band aid.
Fact: Manuel Dobrega stole Randy’s identity, but Randy stole his left foot.
Fact: Randy secured his identity by building a wall on the boarder. He then threw  Manuel Dobrega into the wall repeatedly until he agreed to give Randy his identity back.
Fact: Randy secured his identity by sewing it to his favorite Pink Floyd t-shirt.
Fact: Every morning I crap the bed.
Fact: When Randy cuts off your left foot you're all right now.
Fact: Randy made cheap knock off called the human millipede, but everyone knows it's just a human centipede clone.
Fact: Randy named his cheap knock off human millipede "Bobby" because everyone knows it's just a human centipede clone.
Fact: Every morning I crap the bunk bed.
Fact: Bruce Wayne had his identity stolen. Now Randy's phone only calls Bat-Manuel Dobrega
Fact: Randy is considering getting a puppy from a man named Manuel Dogbreda.
Fact: When a woman reaches a certain age, the way to her heart takes a detour through Cleveland.
Fact: The last time Randy took his hoodie off, the Ice Age ended.  His skeleton is on fire.
Fact: The last time Randy put his hoodie back on, the Dark Ages started. His skeleton is on fire.
Fact: We punish criminals by putting them in jail, some people believe that certain individuals should never again see the light of day.  Randy feels differently however, and if he's elected, he'll build a jail in the center of the sun, so they'll never again not see the light of day.
Fact: Randy can play the ukulele.... on piano.
Fact: Randy knows the average number of foot pounds of torque it takes to snap off the left foot of a middle aged man.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood the concept of a soup kitchen.  All his cooks drowned.
Fact: Randy can be happy pulling the labels from his bottle of Bud.
Fact: Randy once was being interrogated by the mafia and the guy interrogated him tried to put his cigarette out on Randy's forehead. He went a little bit too far and hit Randy's skull. After that, Randy politely handed him an ashtray so he could actually put out his cigarette, and his arm.
Fact: Randy can’t hang out this weekend, he's got work to do on Erron's farm.
Fact: Randy misunderstood the word Rasism.  He's been calling himself a racist for years.  He doesn't hate anyone in particular, he just doesn't want to run.
Fact: Randy can't put out a cigarette on his tongue, but he can light one with his elbow.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's got work to do at Erron's neighbor's house
Fact: Randy once tried to buy a bunch of He Man action figures but the toy store caught on fire and burned to the ground. His skeletor was on fire.
Fact: White misspelled Xibit taught me how to spell rasism.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's got to clean the aquarium at sea world.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's got a magic tournament. No, not the game. A real magic tournament. It's some real Harry Potter shit going down.
Fact: Randy can’t hang out this weekend.  By the time he drives there the event will be over.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's busy categorizing geese shit based on the type of bread he fed them.
Fact: The movie Now You See Me is loosely based on the time that Randy won a magic tournament by stealing a pile of money from a french guy, robbing michael caine, and framing morgan freeman... but he doesn't know because he's never seen it.
Fact: Randy can microwave a bowl of Spaghetti O's better than you.
Fact: Randy wanted to name the Mayflower "No Guarantees" but the Pilgrims were much more hopeful they'd reach the New World.
Fact: When the Native Americans showed the pilgrims how to make corn, Randy bitch-slapped his and turned it into a corn dog.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped a hot air balloon and made popcorn.
Fact: Randy doesn't drink and drive.  Someone texting might hit him and think it was his fault.
Fact: Randy once tried drinking and driving... he finished a six pack before he reached the end of the street.
Fact: Randy once tried drinking and driving... he veered off the road in a drunken stupor and skidded all the way to Cleveland before hitting a tree.
Fact: Randy once drank and drove.  His BAC never got over the legal limit as he drinks his beer like he eats his lunch.
Fact: Randy once tried drinking and driving... when he took his usual detour through Cleveland it turned out to be kinda normal there.
Fact: Randy once tried drinking and driving... when he looked around at all the other golfers it turned out to be kinda normal there.
Fact: Randy once tried drinking and driving... when he saw the way that Microsoft had implemented their driver pipeline in direct X 1, it turned out to be kinda normal there.
Fact: this is the second planet Randy has allowed intelligent life to live on. The last one is no more as he got bored, hocked a loogie and put out their sun.
Fact: Randy classifies intelligent life as a healthy appreciation for Star Wars. So far he's only allowed intelligent life to live on two planets, and he likes our version of the movies WAY better.
Fact: Randy once tried drinking and driving... He still thought he drove way better than any woman driver.
Fact: Randy once tried drinking and driving... But white misspelled Xibit had pimped his ride and he's not driving that piece of shit anywhere now.
Fact: Randy constructed a giant space laser designed to destroy a nearby galaxy. Now, it only was able to destroy full sized sedans, but I'll be damned if it wasn't impressive anyway.
Fact: Randy and Manuel Dobrega have matching Kordell Stewart tattoos.
Fact: Randy wants to open a store in Canada so he can charge more for a magazine.
Fact: When Randy saw a higher price on the back of a book he thought that it stood for "Concentrated Awesome", and being made out of just that, Randy thought he had to pay the higher price.
Fact: Randy has just launched missiles towards the last address written in this channel.
Fact: Randy once bitch-slapped a volley of missiles and turned them into rabbits and chickens.
Fact: Randy once bitch-slapped a shetland pony and created a legion of greek soldiers inside a giant wooden horse sculpture.
Fact: When things of great importance take place they're usually given a name like "The Big Bang" or "The Save" or "The Drive" or "The Immaculate Reception".  Randy has taken the dump of all dumps and refers to it as "The Shit", and gets very upset when people steal his thunder and claim to be the shit at basketball or whatever.
Fact: Randy won't eat at any of the Sheetz because it sounds too much like one of his greatest achievements.
Fact: Randy can forgive people for claiming to be the shit at basketball as long as they throw that basketball at a girl riding a bike.
Fact: Randy once bitch-slapped Helen of Troy and launched a thousand ships.
Fact: Randy stormed the city of Troy in a giant wooden dragon. He didn't actually sneak any troops in with it, he just rode it over the wall and torched the whole city. He ended up burning his ride up in the process since it was made of wood, but history would recall the event as having been "Pretty bad-ass for the time."
Fact: When Randy sailed between scylla and charybdis he gave them both high fives on the way past.
Fact: Randy's giant wooden dragon used to be made out of steel before Manuel Dobrega suggested he get White Misspelled Xibit to pimp it before his storming of the city of Troy.
Fact: Randy has all that junk in his trunk, but he still hasn't decided what he's gonna do with it.
Fact: Randy once had a business idea where he combined Uber and 1-800-Got-Junk.  He called it Junk In Your Trunk.  He never understood why people giggled when he told them about it.
Fact: Randy gave his Uber driver 1 star for not going through Cleveland.
Fact: Josh hosted a bachelor party last weekend and Randy jumped out of a cake.
Fact: When Randy is planning on jumping out of a cake, they don't bother fully baking it because his skeleton does the rest of the work.
Fact: Randy cooks Tostinos Pizza Rolls in his belly button.
Fact: Randy won't go to Disney World.  He refers to it as a people trap operated by a mouse as a way of revenge.
Fact: Randy has a fish tank in his trunk.  He figures every fish tank maverick should keep one there.  So far only 8 fish and 1 snail have died.
Fact: Randy doesn't understand why Miss. Universe is always from Earth.
Fact: Randy doesn't understand why a Ford Galaxy isn't equipped with Rockets.
Fact: Randy hasn't heard of any Bigfoot sightings in a while, and just hopes he's ok.
Fact: Randy can stand on one foot, but he prefers to stand on a pile of them that he's collected.
Fact: When someone says Lego my Eggo Randy builds a toaster out of legos and then probably eats some chicken nuggets or some shit.
Fact: Randy has never entered a non-unique Randyfact.
Fact: Randy has Jesus and the Virgin Mary in his trunk.  He got them at a yard sale for 99 cents each.  He was going to give them to his Mom as a gift but forgot about them.
Fact: Last time Randy gave Jesus a ride, Jesus tried to take the wheel because Randy was taking a detour through Cleveland before he drove him back to Heaven. Randy just bitch slapped him back and told him they'd get there when they got there.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped Jesus and made the New Testament.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's too broken up about Frank leaving randyfacts.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's too broken up about The Beetles breaking up.
Fact: If you got a problem, yo, Randy will solve it, check out the hook while the DJ waxes your asshole.
Fact: Randy had his identity stolen, now he's in a legal battle with Nintendo about a game titled "Super Manuel Dobregthers"
Fact: When Randy is particularly proud of a certain accomplishment, he puts on a probably-eating-some-chicken-nuggets-or-some-shit grin.
Fact: Randy is a master of stealth and guile. He's able to slip into any area, no matter how heavily secured, completely undetected by wearing a pair of glasses with a fake nose and mustache. It doesn't actually do anything, but if you let on that you noticed for just a fraction of a second, he'll run you and your whole fucking family through his woodchipper.
Fact: Randy doesn't always wax his butthole, but when he does, he prefers Nu Finish.
Fact: Randy doesn't always wax his butthole, but when he does, he prefers beeswax from an active beehive. He likes to keep it dangerous.
Fact: Prohibition ended when Randy realized there wasn't anyone to be the designated driver for and he was getting bored with having so much free time.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's the designated driver for some dude form the prohibition era.
Fact: During the prohibition, Randy just drove around some guy from before it started who claimed he was "still kinda feeling a little buzzed and probably shouldn't drive" so he'd have something to do.
Fact: Bobby was somehow responsible for prohibition. Nobody understands why, but he was teaching chemistry at the time and Randy altered one of his class experiments and then poof, prohibition.
Fact: Randy won the 2016 Star Wars bracket.
Fact: Randy's favorite cartoon is Darkwing Duck. He loves his catchphrase "Let's get Dangerous".
Fact: Randy runs group therapy for Italian mobsters dealing with rats who have squealed on them. His advice is usually "I know a hitman who whacks your assholes for you."
Fact: Randy used to work for an auto detailer, but he didn't know what parts of the car you were supposed to wax and which ones you weren't. He'd often wax the tailpipe.  He got fired when he told his boss he even waxed the customers asshole.
Fact: Randy has never been given the talk about the birds and the bees. He doesn't know where the birds fit into everything, but he's pretty sure he knows what the bees are about.
Fact: Randy was given the talk about the old birds and the B+ students.
Fact: Randy was given the talk about phoenixes and giant man-eating laser-wasps.
Fact: Although Randy has finally shed his false identity, he is still cursed. Under the light of the full moon he will turn into Manuel Dobrega for the night. It's much less impressive than the wolfman because he actually loses most of his bad ass powers... but seriously. I'd like to see you go through a transformation like that.
Fact: Ironically, Randy can avoid turning into Manuel Dobrega under the light of a full moon by wearing a sombrero, as it shades him from the moonlight.
Fact: In order to fight some of the negative stigma that he gets from the wolfman comparison to his full moon transformation, Randy started the slogan "Respectful, Tolerant, Friendly Manuel!". But he doesn't understand why people get mad when he tells them "RTFM."
Fact: Randy used to own a mexican bodega under the name Manuel Dobrega, but he greatly misunderstood what a wax pepper was. A horrific accident happened. It involved a customer's ass, a hot pepper, and $8, but Eric really doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy once smoked some Peyote and went on a spirit journey in which he became a snake. He ate every apple in a nearby orchard and became so long he ascended as a god of snakes.
Fact: Sometimes Randy likes to go out and decorate an empty field with a bunch of little red flags. When he's done he looks over his work and, satisfied, dons a pair of sunglasses. For some reason this causes everybody to freak out.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped duck hunt and created call of duty
Fact: Randy bitch slapped the dog from Duck Hunt, created another duck, and then he shot that too.
Fact: When Randy plays Wolfenstein 3D, as the Nazis die they say "Danke".
Fact: Randy had initially purchased an escalator to Heaven, but it broke down.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's busy sniffing different varieties of mushrooms to train himself to be able to hunt for truffles in the forest.
Fact: When Randy writes "Web Slinger" on his resume most hiring managers assume that he meant to write "web developer." But Randy does in fact have spinnerets at the base of his palms. It's pretty cool when he uses the power, but it never comes up in interviews.
Fact: Randy has only been reprimanded by a superior officer once. He was working as a janitor and it was for dereliction of doody.
Fact: Randy can actually shoot the dog from duck hunt. We've all tried, Randy accomplished.
Fact: When Randy is playing Call of Duty and someone misses a shot at him, the dog from Duck Hunt pops up from behind a crate and laughs at his would-be attacker.
Fact: Randy can beat Contra without the Konami code
Fact: Randy can be all the Mario games without touching a mushroom
Fact: None of the games Randy has created feature a crate in them, anywhere.
Fact: Randy can beat all the Mario games while tripping on mushrooms.
Fact: Randy can beat Sonic the hedgehog by walking slowly
Fact: Randy can beat Call of Duty without firing a gun
Fact: Randy can beat Postal 3 while remaining totally sane.
Fact: Randy can beat Paperboy without throwing a paper
Fact: Randy can beat Grand Theft Auto by paying down a car loan and following all of the traffic laws.
Fact: Randy can beat Donkey Kong without jumping.
Fact: Randy can dig all the dirt in Dig Dug with a spoon.
Fact: Randy can beat Pac Man without eating a power pellet
Fact: Randy can beat Gears of War with a cog.
Fact: Randy can beat Metal Gear Solid by tripping all the alarms himself
Fact: Randy can beat Mike Tyson's punch out without dodging.
Fact: Randy can beat Chess without moving a pawn.
Fact: Randy can beat checkers without being kinged
Fact: Randy can beat hunger without food.
Fact: Randy can beat Final Fantasy XIII without watching any cutscenes.
Fact: Randy can beat Zelda without catching the boomerang on the way back.
Fact: Randy can beat Guitar Hero with a xylophone.
Fact: Randy can beat Tomb Raider without entering a tomb
Fact: Randy can beat Eggs with his fists.
Fact: Randy can beat NetHack by randomly hitting keys on the keyboard.
Fact: Randy can beat Dwarf Fortress.
Fact: Randy can beat Candy Crush Saga by pounding his phone into dust.
Fact: Randy can beat Minecraft without going to creative mode and screwing around.
Fact: Randy can beat Wii Fit without playing.
Fact: Randy can beat Five Nights at Freddy's in one night.
Fact: Randy can beat Smash Brothers without giving Bobby any alcohol.
Fact: Randy can beat Spyro the Dragon by just liking it on facebook.
Fact: Randy can beat around the bush without resorting to small talk.
Fact: Randy can beat Dragon's Lair on the first try.
Fact: Randy can beat Moonwalker without dancing.
Fact: Randy can hustle a game of pool by acting like he's not any good and then acting like he's so good that his opponent has no chance of winning and just gives up and pays him their bet. Randy's actually just pretty average at pool, but he's a great actor.
Fact: Randy can beat off a group of ninja's without any weapons.... but :eric_doesnt_wanna_talk_about_it:
Fact: Randy told his friends how he was let go from OA, Tom said "fuck that place" Randy was later arrested for trying to fornicate with a building, Tom always gets Randy in trouble, Tom's a dick.
Fact: Randy got the OA building pregnant.
Fact: The Elder Law Offices weren't happy about Randy getting the OA building pregnant, but the finally admitted that it's 2016 and times are different.
Fact: Randy filled the OA offices with a bunch of sailors.
Fact: Randy filled the OA offices with a bunch of sailors by driving an aircraft carrier several hundred miles inland.
Fact: Randy can beat Silent Service without Radar.
Fact: Randy can beat Road Rash on foot.
Fact: Randy can beat Madden Football on the bench
Fact: When Randy plays Half-Life, Gordon Freeman talks the whole time. He actually sounds exactly like Morgan Freeman. Randy doesn't understand why he's so quiet for everybody else.
Fact: Randy confirmed Half Life 3
Fact: When Stacy's mom was out on her "business trip", she was visiting Randy.
Fact: Randy invented a hovercat once, but he forgot to make it throttle down after reaching a few feet in the air. It took off into space immediately afterward and is expected to pass saturn some time in the year 2028
Fact: As it turns out, possession _is_ nine tenths of the law, and because of his exceptional skills as an exorcist, Randy is now licensed to practice law in the commonwealth of Pennsylvania. 
Fact: When Randy practices law in the commonwealth of Pennsylvania, the demon thanks him on it’s way out.
Fact: The roof doesn't leak in the OpenArc dev area, that's just the building crying because it caught Randy outside one day cheating on it with that hole in the parking lot.
Fact: Randy can throw a vortex football from his back yard to a fruit stand in the Strip District and knock over a cart of apples so he can show up later and buy them for a cheaper price since they're all bruised, and I've seen him do it.
Fact: Randy can throw a vortex football from his back yard forward in time while his identity is stolen and hit his own fruit stand that he's tending to as Manuel Dobrega, just for shits and giggles, and I've seen him do it.
Fact: Randy once tried to hatch a Polish chick. She was 54 and didn't appreciate Randy sitting on her head.
Fact: Bobby didn't have his identity stolen, but we call him Manuel Fernandez now anyway.
Fact: Don King took his hair style from Randy. It was during a phase when Randy liked to lick batteries, but regular 9 volts weren't dangerous enough. So he'd get out the jumper cables and hook up to somebody's car battery. I guess it wasn't so much a fashion statement as a side effect.
Fact: Don King was Don Pawn until Randy moved him to the other side of the board.
Fact: Dancing Queen was Dancing Pawn until Randy moved it to the other side of the board.
Fact: That's the thing about licking car batteries. They're pretty addictive. One day Randy used the jumper cables to drain every battery in a parking lot in some dessert in Socorro, New Mexico. At the time they thought that the cars wouldn't start because of EMP from a nuclear blast, but scientists today all realized that it was Randy.
Fact: Sometimes it doesn't even work though. Sure, Randy still gets a jolt out of licking car batteries, but the incredible amount of energy that's produced by his flaming skeleton/layer or live mice method of generating electricity actually reverses the flow and adds electrons into the battery solution.
Fact: Military scientists are trying to develop a way for Randy to go out and lick the batteries in all the equipment within a given radius as a tactical strike for a less violent takeover.
Fact: Randy has a lime-flavored battery powering his lightsaber.
Fact: Randy has been using the city of Detroit as a testing ground for many types of first strike military capabilities, each more devestating than the last. So far, nobody there has noticed.
Fact: Eminem has a rap in the works about Randy licking batteries.
Fact: When Randy recharges a battery he doesn't provide a reversed flow of electrons to cause lithium ions to travel back to the anode. He just scares them all back.
Fact: Randy crosses the streams, but they know better than to cross him.
Fact: Lithium ions know better than to waste time by hanging around at the damned cathode when Randy is looking. You work for Randy, now get moving!
Fact: One particularly clever Lithium ion thought it could trick Randy by taking on an electron and disguising itself as an atom. As soon as Randy found out, he invented fission just to make an example out of it.
Fact: Ikea furniture used to come preassembled, but when Randy gets angry he just goes to the local store and smashes it all into pieces.
Fact: The management at Ikea used to reassemble all the furniture that Randy smashed because he got angry, but they realized he's just going to smash it again some day. So they started making instructions to put the pieces back together. Fortunately, Randy is very meticulous when he's angry.
Fact: All chairs purchased at Ikea come with twice as many right legs. Randy stole all of the left ones when he got angry, but they're basically interchangeable in the instructions.
Fact: Randy and Bobby like to play real-life Super Smash Bros. They're not allowed in that Ikea anymore.
Fact: Every time Randy smashes furniture it makes him hungry for meatballs for some reason.
Fact: Randy can get whatever he wants from Sir Pizza as long as he orders it with sausage in his ears.
Fact: When the refrigerator is about to be cleared out, Randy slaughters a lamb and smears the blood all over his tupperware so it doesn't get thrown out.
Fact: When Randy wants to write-protect a file, he slaughters a RAM and smears the bytes all over the file he wants to protect.
Fact: Randy starred in an obscure horror film involving slow-moving image effects on photographs titled "The Ken Burns Effect".
Fact: Randy has never been in an accident, every automobile collision he's been in has been on purpose.
Fact: Randy pulled a social video sharing service out of his hat.
Fact: Randy sometimes uses his collection of left feet to fill the display shoes at Famous Footwear
Fact: Randy's rotting pile of severed left feet is a tourist attraction. Well, it's more that visiting Randy and begging him not to take your left foot is the attraction, but it routes a lot of traffic through Carnegie.
Fact: Randy doesn't understand why his tourist attraction doesn't route more people through Cleveland.
Fact: Portions of PA Route 60 were improved and then named I-376 to better handle the flow of tourist traffic from the Airport to Randy's rotting pile of severed left feet.
Fact: Portions of PA Route 60 were renamed I-376 because that is the government's current statistic of how many feet there actually are in Randy's rotting pile of severed left feet. There's way more, but Randy is really good at doing his taxes. Most of them are considered deductions, and the rest are considered art displays on public land, so they don't formally have to be claimed by Randy.
Fact: Randy has the ability to bend spoons with his mind, but it's never the spoon he actually wants to bend. Every time he practices this trick he ends up giving some unfortunate family in Nebraska a hard time finishing their dinner.
Fact: Randy can make a mean milkshake out of strawberry jam and canned dog food.
Fact: Randy is a master chef. Well, he's not actually good at cooking but he won a Halo tournent and they misspelled his award.
Fact: Randy voiced the Pink Panther.
Fact: Randy's favorite board game is Life. He doesn't actually like the gameplay he's just literally larger than it and enjoys the irony.
Fact: Randy's milkshake brings all the boys to the yard, but then again it brings just about everything to the yard when he makes a milkshake out of a black hole.
Fact: Randy plays tetris on a hex grid.
Fact: Randy beat the Klingon version of Boggle.
Fact: Randy wears a boa constrictor for a neck tie. 
Fact: Randy is bad to the bonfire.
Fact: George Thorogood never actually had a band... but he did hang out with Randy and Bobby a lot.
Fact: George Thorogood used to be George Goodhereandthere until Randy helped him be a little more consistent about it.
Fact: Randy taught a young Russian cartoon named Boris that he didn't need to be as evil as all the other villains. Being his own self is enough.
Fact: When Randy and Bobby take pictures of one another, it's still considered a selfie.
Fact: Randy teaches motivational classes. He typically just says "I realized that I was good enough that there should be two of me" just before Bobby walks out. The crowd loves it\n
Fact: Randy can throw a vortex football out of the Earth's atmosphere, around the moon, back down, and light his cigarette with it as it catches fire on re-entry, and I've seen him do it.
Fact: When Randy plays the original Legend of Zelda, he goes alone.
Fact: When Randy plays the original Legend of Zelda, the bushes light themselves on fire.
Fact: When Randy plays the original Legend of Zelda, the boomerang is too scared to come back.
Fact: When Randy plays the original Legend of Zelda, the mummies hit on him.
Fact: When Randy plays Madden 2016 he can throw a vortex football out of his game and into the game of another person playing it somewhere else in the world, and I've seen him do it.
Fact: When Randy plays the original Legend of Zelda, it's a secret to NO ONE!
Fact: When Randy plays the original Legend of Zelda, firing an arrow costs him 8 rupees.
Fact: When Randy plays the original Legend of Zelda, he's trying to collect the Triforce of Courage, Wisdom, and No Guarantees.
Fact: When Randy plays the original Legend of Zelda, when he gains the Triforce of Power, he has to eat sausage.
Fact: When Randy plays the original Legend of Zelda, his life meter is made of juice boxes.
Fact: When Randy plays the original Legend of Zelda, the map item looks kind of like a pizza log.
Fact: When Randy plays the original Legend of Zelda, he only pays for items with copper rupees.
Fact: When Randy plays the original Legend of Zelda, he doesn't collect any rupees because they were all minted after the year 1982.
Fact: The only reason Bobby beats Randy at Mario Kart is because Randy spends the whole race smashing his cart up against the side of the track trying to take a detour through Cleveland.
Fact: Randy has no filter for his foul language. He'll sing through an entire All-4-One song without skipping a single swear word!
Fact: Randy has a coffee filter for his foul language, but it's just a coffee filter, so if it weren't for the fact that he's so damn quiet you'd probably still hear most of the really bad stuff.
Fact: Randy has no filter for his foul language. He'll talk about soccer penalties right in front of children if you let him.
Fact: Randy has no filter for his fowl language when he's drunk. I think we can all attest to that after last years Christmas party.
Fact: Randy does the voice acting for all the computer sounds in TV crime dramas. They clean it up a bit in post production, but that's actually him doing all the beeping and shit.
Fact: When Randy plays the original Legend of Zelda, he's supposed to be rescuing the princess and saving the world, but he's probably just eating some chicken nuggets or some shit.
Fact: Randy's idea of pissing someone off is signing an autograph.
Fact: Randy voiced Rosebud on Citizen Kane.
Fact: For $129.99, Randy will wax your butthole. This is one of the only things he'll do for you for that price that isn't Star Wars related. He'll probably make some shit up to say that it IS Star Wars related, but really, you're just getting your butthole waxed, deal with it.
Fact: Randy is set to voice Hodor in season 7 of Game of Thrones.
Fact: Randy voiced Snoopy.
Fact: Randy once landed a voice acting job by bringing a seashell in to his interview and telling them to have a listen.
Fact: Randy voiced the lion at the beginning of MGM films.
Fact: Randy voiced Oddjob in Goldfinger.
Fact: Randy voiced Maggie Simpson.
Fact: Randy voiced the Little Mermaid for most of the movie. It's the part where she's cursed.
Fact: Randy has typed all of the Closed Captioning lines for Silent Bob.
Fact: Randy has a habit of ruining mime acts by perfectly reproducing the sounds they shouldn't be making during their acts.
Fact: Randy voiced Mr. Bean in all of the American runs of the show.
Fact: Randy was hired to do the voice acting for Gordon Freeman in the new Half-Life movie.
Fact: Bobby does all Randy's closed captioning and Randy does all of Bobby's. If Randy and Bobby are both in the same scene, the closed captioning is done by a team of 14 super-intelligent muskrats.
Fact: Randy once brought Bobby along to a psychiatrist to see if he could get diagnosed with multiple personality disorder. The psychiatrist was like, "Guys, this is dumb. I don't think you know how that works." Randy still figured it was worth a try.
Fact: When Randy uses an automatic weapon, he always brings a marker with him so he can connect the dots when he's done and see if he made something neat. One time his bullet pattern ended up forming a perfect contour drawing of the Mona Lisa on the side of a bunker.
Fact: Randy has spent many summers doing archaeological research along the Nile river in an attempt to finally determine how exactly one walks like an Egyptian.
Fact: That's not cotton candy, it's insulation.
Fact: Randy voiced all of the birds in the classic Hitchcock film. He wasn't originally hired by Hitchcock, he just went out drinking the day they happened to be filming and ran onto set yelling "CACAW!!!".  Hitchcock was so impressed, he let Randy stay.
Fact: Randy thinks classic Hitchcock films are for the birds.
Fact: Randy boycotts films without lightsabers.
Fact: Randy will bring a pack of Lifesavers to films that don't feature lightsabers that he did REALLY want to see anyways figuring it's the closest he'll get to the real thing.
Fact: If a film doesn't have a lightsaber, it sure as hell better have a dragon in it.
Fact: If a film doesn't have a dragon in it, it sure as hell better have cougars in it.
Fact: If a film doesn't have cougars in it, it sure as hell better be one that Randy did voiceover work in.
Fact: If a film isn't one that Randy did voiceover work in, he better be paying 8 bucks to see it.
Fact: If Randy isn't paying 8 bucks to see the film, it better be showing in Cleveland.
Fact: Randy voiced all of the lightsaber battles in Wrath of Kahn.
Fact: Randy voiced the sound of lightsabers in all the Star Wars films.
Fact: Randy has a vent on the top of his head that occasionally lets out heat from his fire skeleton. He didn't set out to invent sun visors, he just kept burning through baseball caps.
Fact: During the 1800s, Randy wore a top hat with a boiler on the inside of it so he could power a lightbulb on top of it with a little steam turbine. It was too tall for him to walk around in mines with and it kinda just made it look like he always had an idea so he didn't carry it over into the 20th century, but it was kinda neat for the time.
Fact: If a film isn't showing in Cleveland, it sure as hell better have a Wilhelm Scream in it.
Fact: If a film doesn't have a Wilhelm Scream in it, it sure as hell better have pizza logs at the snack bar.
Fact: When life hands Randy lemons, Randy does a stuntman.
Fact: Up on the rooftop reindeer paws? Fuck no it's not Santa Claus. It's fuckin Randy and he's sauced, here to cut your left foot off. Ca caw ca caw, here comes the saw, ca caw ca caw your foots cut off. Up on the rooftop click click click, yells in the darkness "Toms a dick."
Fact: Randy doesn't do the Santa Claus thing because even with a magic sleigh he can't make it to every house when he takes a detour through Cleveland between each one. 
Fact: The only thing Randy is coming down that chimney with is a wood chipper so he can toss the smart ass children into it while they sleep. 
Fact: Randy has a coal powered wood chipper to make handling all the bad kids at Christmas time more economical
Fact: Randy uses crude oil as a salad dressing.
Fact: Over time Randy developed the power to change the smell of roses just so he could tell Shakespeare he was full of shit.
Fact: Randy can peel an orange with a can opener.
Fact: Randy can open a can with an orange peeler.
Fact: When Randy's on a diet, he uses almost an entire bottle of salad undressing.
Fact: Randy can bitch slap charcoal into diamonds. He's ruined many a barbecue this way.
Fact: Randy thinks the movie E.T. Is about this Mexican guy he knows with three balls. He believes the movie is called E.T. Eddie Torres the extra testicle.
Fact: Randy is my homeboy.
Fact: Randy's wood chipper has only ever chipped wood once. Pinocchio, right before he became a real smart ass child. Disney rewrote the ending.
Fact: Randy once hacked Satan's sever by guessing his root password. It was "t3hluvOf$$$".
Fact: Randy once hacked Satan's server by guessing his root password. It was "MichaelJFoxAndKirkDouglas".
Fact: Randy once hacked Satan's server by turning his head and coughing.
Fact: Randy will sometimes exclaim, out of no where, "It worked!" Usually at the time, I have no idea what he's talking about, but eventually I find out, and based on that, it always worries me.
Fact: Randy will sometimes exclaim, out of no where, "It worked!" Usually at the time, I have no idea what he's talking about, but eventually I find out, and based on that, it always worries me.
Fact: Randy records everything he knows in his spiral notebook. Sometimes I slip something in there just to see if it's true. I later caught him arguing with Bobby that AT-ATs really only have 3 legs, but they added a 4th in the movies because the models kept falling over.
Fact: Randy does not do any white-hat hacking after Labor Day.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped a ninja and it turned into a dojo.
Fact: He was DUI, laughing all the way. Until he hit the curb, and wrecked his fucking sleigh. A twinkle in his eye, wood chipper by his side. What fun it is to maim and kill and watch those children die. Oh! Jingle bells, foot pile smells, Randy is cray cray. Before he hacks your left foot off he'll stop in Cleveland on the way!
Fact: Randy bitch slapped a dojo and turned it into an aquarium decoration
Fact: Randy bitch slapped an aquarium decoration and turned it into 8 dead fish and a dead snail.
Fact: Randy has been using the aquarium as overflow storage for his left foot pile. They don't smell as bad under water, but the fish don't survive as long.
Fact: Randy once saw a heat wave, so he waved back.
Fact: The concept of charities started when people would pay off Randy not to kill them. He ended up with so much money, that he started giving it away to poor people who couldn't afford to pay him off. He wouldn't give them quite enough, and usually killed them off anyway, but it definitely helped him save a little money on his income taxes.
Fact: Randy started the idea for the Purge. It was actually a legitimate threat that he gave Hollywood if they didn't start making better movies, but they confused it for a script and made it into a movie. Ironically, Randy thought the movies was awesome and backed off on the threat.
Fact: The idea of scholarships was based on Randy giving kids money to help towards paying him off for not throwing them in his woodchipper. It was never enough money to actually stop Randy from throwing smart-ass children into the woodchipper, but it was enough for them to go to school so they'd be smart instead of smart ass.
Fact: Randy sneezes holy water, so if his head is facing upwards, he effectively can bless himself in the same action.
Fact: Randy baptizes babies by sneezing on them. They usually get whatever nasty cold he was fighting off at the time, but the parents thank him all the same.
Fact: If Randy baptized a baby who turns into a smart-ass kid, Randy will give him one reprieve from the wood-chipper. But only one.
Fact: Randy's godfather actually is Marlin Brando.
Fact: Unlike other people who go by titles like "god" and "father", Marlin Brando knew better than to have a shared minutes plan with Randy.
Fact: Randy refused Marlin Brando's offer. It was to go out and get icecream after a baseball game, but Randy had to make a stand somewhere.
Fact: Randy's godfather might not have been Marlon Brando. He might have just been a fish with a funny name.
Fact: Randy's godfather told him his name was Marlin Brando, but Randy is starting to this it smelled fishy.
Fact: At Marlon Brando's funeral, Randy showed up with his gold fish, Marlin Brando, and threw it into the casket. Nobody could figure who let him in with a fishbowl, but they also didn't want to reach in and get it out.
Fact: Randy cashed in all his hipster  cred for a pair of Nickelback tickets and a six pack of cherry Coke.
Fact: Randy doesn't have a lot of hipster cred but he was a huge fan of his fire skeleton before it was cool.
Fact: Randy runs his own local hipster cred union. He's got a great introductory rate going right now, but it's about to become cool.
Fact: Randy got on an elevator, pressed 4 and asked a lady getting on where she was going. She said "Phoenix" so he pressed Phoenix.
Fact: When Randy presses Phoenix on the elevator, the elevator goes through Cleveland first.
Fact: Randy got on an elevator, pressed 4 and asked a lady getting on where she was going. She said "San Francisco" so he dumped a bucket of flowers all over her.
Fact: Randy got on an elevator, pressed 4 and asked a lady getting on where she was going. She said "as far as you'll let me" so he pressed Journey.
Fact: Randy got on an elevator, pressed 4 and asked a lady getting on where she was going. She said "Oregon" so he traded her 2 wagon tongues for 20 pounds of food and a box of bullets.
Fact: Randy got on an elevator, pressed 4 and asked a lady getting on where she was going. She said "I'm going to see Tom" so he pressed every button on the panel all at once.
Fact: Randy was going through customs when returning from Canada. They asked him, "do you have any firearms?" Randy replied "What do you need?"
Fact: Randy got on an elevator, pressed 4 and asked a lady getting on where she was going. She said "the alien base" so he pressed up up down down left right left right B A B A select start and handed her his extra flamethrower.
Fact: Randy was going through the customs when returning from Canada. They asked him, "do you have any Grey Poupon?" Randy replied, but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Yesterday Randy was.... No wait that wasn't him.
Fact: Yesterday a man wearing sunglasses with a fake nose and mustache was... Nevermind.
Fact: Yesterday Manuel Dobrega was.... No wait that wasn't him.
Fact: Yesterday White Misspelled Xibit tried to pimp....no wait, that wasn't him, that was the real Xzibit
Fact: Randy got on an elevator, pressed 4 and asked a lady getting on where she was going. She said "My own way" so he didn't press the Stop button.
Fact: Randy got on an elevator, pressed 4 and asked a lady getting on where she was going. She said "To The Superbowl" so he pressed the black and gold buttons, made some strange whooping noises, and then quietly admitted that he doesn't like football.
Fact: Randy bought a cordless extension cord.
Fact: Randy tried to daisy chain his cordless extension cords to power his thinking cap and set his skeleton on fire.
Fact: Randy went to the hardware store and bought some used paint, it came in the shape of a house.
Fact: Randy served in the army corps of engineers but he was dishonorably discharged for aluminum siding with the enemy.
Fact: Randy bought a rechargeable wall socket.
Fact: Randy bought some powdered water, but he doesn't know what to add.
Fact: Randy bought a solar powered lightning rod.
Fact: Randy bought a wire mesh shower curtain.
Fact: Randy bought a pre-pimped ride
Fact: Randy bought an 86" Big Screen door.
Fact: Randy bought a swivel mount for his Big Screen door.
Fact: Randy's Big Screen door installation required a bottle of hot sauce.
Fact: When Randy's drain gets clogged, he just uses a bottle of hot sauce and everything seems to fit down there eventually.
Fact: Randy uses a bottle of hot sauce to clean and lubricate the blades on his woodchipper every 3000th smart-ass kid.
Fact: Randy bought a pack of fireproof cigarettes.
Fact: Randy bought a 100% organic, locally grown, cell phone.
Fact: Randy bought a wooden furnace.
Fact: Randy bought a gravel pillow.
Fact: Randy bought a water-proof towel.
Fact: Randy bought a pre-melted snow cone
Fact: Randy bought a 20 lb box of rat-safe rat poison.
Fact: Randy bought a wood fired refrigerator.
Fact: Randy bought clear sunglasses
Fact: Randy bought a dry erase pencil.
Fact: Randy bought a mouse repellent hoodie.
Fact: Randy bought a biodegradable shovel.
Fact: Randy bought a gravel pillow, but he had to leave work early one Friday to move it because it was at his neighbors house.
Fact: Randy bought a coal powered battery charger for his electric car.
Fact: Randy bought a sleeveless tuxedo.
Fact: Randy bought season tickets for the Cleveland Browns.
Fact: Randy got on an elevator, pressed 4 and asked a lady getting on where she was going. She said "Nowhere" so he pulled the emergency stop and they shared an eternity there together.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend he'll be busy filling his swimming pool with dry ice, so when it melts he can swim without getting wet.
Fact: Randy played solitaire with tarot cards, he won and 4 people died.
Fact: Randy played Russian Roulette with himself and won
Fact: I went camping with Randy, he got poison ivy on his brain. He can only scratch it if he thinks of sandpaper.
Fact: Randy thinks his dentist is cute, so before he gets his teeth cleaned he eats an entire package of Oreo cookies just to spend some extra time with her.
Fact: Randy has a prosti-Twinkie.
Fact: Randy is not allowed to make small children lunch anymore.
Fact: Randy has thrown enough bullets to kill someone who was hiding behind cover. Randy doesn't even throw all that well, but the dude just waited there patiently until he was dead. I mean it was that or the wood chipper, so I don't blame the guy.
Fact: When Randy says “shits lit” he means his skeleton.
Fact: Randy can throw a vortex football fast enough to cause an explosion... just like a bomb dropped from an airplane. You never hear the one that gets you, but I've seen him do it!
Fact: Randy never sleeps well, he always makes a couple mistakes.
Fact: Alicia Keys wrote the song "Girl on Fire" about the one night she spent with Randy and she got a little too close to his skeleton.
Fact: Randy was playing minigolf and got the last hole, you know the one where there are the 3 holes and only one of them takes you to the right spot... Anyway, he hits his ball into one of the holes and it falls all the way through the earth and pops up in a different minigolf course somewhere past the demilitarized zone in North Korea, knocking the leader's ball away at the last second before he makes a hole in one. It wasn't the first time he started an international incident, but it was still pretty funny.
Fact: Randy can count to a billion. All on his fingers and toes due to the hugeness of his pile of rotting feet.
Fact: Randy can't stand the smell of his pile of rotting left feet, so he buried it... Under a pile of freshly hacked off left feet.
Fact: Randy can't stand the smell of his pile of rotting left feet, so he buried it in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Randy can't stand the smell of his pile of rotting left feet, so he buried it... under a layer of Henry's Wet-Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement, it's guaranteed to stop reeks.
Fact: the first word Randy ever spoke was quote, that way right before he dies he can say unquote.
Fact: Randy is NOT one of those people who says "quote unquote" before they say something they mean to be quoted.
Fact: Randy tried to draw his shadow once, but he couldn't do it. The arm kept moving.
Fact: Randy got a new shadow because his old one wasn't doing what he was doing.
Fact: When Randy is speaking and he makes the "air quotes" motion, it's not because he's about to say something verbatim or sarcastic. It's how he informs you how many people he just killed. The fingers move for emphasis.
Fact: Randy is the only known person to lock his keys out of his car. He had to break out of the vehicle with a coat hanger.
Fact: Randy tries to keep it clean by not swearing, but he has been known to flick people off... the planet.
Fact: Randy once consumed an entire pomeranian blindfolded. I mean, it would have been cruel if the pomeranian had to watch.
Fact: Randy xeroxed a mirror. Now he has a Xerox machine.
Fact: Randy once threw a pomeranian at an old folks home. He was out of pomegranates and figured it was close enough.
Fact: Randy eats a diet high in fiber... optics. It costs Verizon a fortune to keep laying new lines.
Fact: Randy has a helicopter, but he doesn't know how to land it. So he just ties it to a telephone pole and leaves it running.
Fact: Randy only pays for items in multiples of $8, no matter how much they cost. He just always has exactly $8, $16, $32, or $64 on him for some reason.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend because his street was changed to a one way street, and it's a dead end. He can never leave the house again.
Fact: Randy participates in drone racing. He just walks up to Eric and starts talking about some really mundane topic that they once discussed 6 months ago as if it just happened yesterday. So far, nobody has come close to his record.
Fact: Before the hunting season, Randy always pre-orders his licenses so he can bag 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, but he will make it to work on Monday because he won't let street signs tell him what to do anyway.
Fact: Randy has never had a girlfriend, the chicks are worried they'll only have 8 fucks.
Fact:
Fact: Randy bought a fingerless oven mitt. 
Fact: Randy blew $4.5 grand on an invisible art collection. 
Fact: Randy bought a bag of stone balloons.
Fact: Randy bought a feather paper weight.
Fact: Randy bought Enron stock.
Fact: Randy bought a silent alarm clock.
Fact: Randy bought Braille reading glasses.
Fact: Randy bought a solar powered flashlight.
Fact: Randy bought oven baked ice cream.
Fact: Randy bought beef fed grass.
Fact: Randy facilitated the merger of Foldgers and Smuckers. They're either gonna call it Smoldgers or they're gonna call it... They're gonna call it Smoldgers.
Fact: Randy correctly identified the flavor of love out of 31 possible choices in a blindfolded taste test.
Fact: Randy's writing a book, so far he's got the page numbers done...
Fact: Randy is waiting for smellevision to become a thing. He has a rare talent for knowing exactly what things to eat in order to fart exactly the perfect scent to represent any scene in a movie.
Fact: Randy will never actually eat a pomegranate. If he's hungry and there aren't any pizza logs or ham barbecue sandwiches around, he'll bitch slap a pomegranate into a Pomeranian, blindfold it, and then eat it.
Fact: Randy bought an opaque mirror. 
Fact: Randy bought scentless incense. 
Fact: Randy bought a cordless yo-yo.
Fact: Randy bought an inflatable ship anchor.
Fact: Randy bought an acoustic synthesizer. 
Fact: Randy bought a roll of sanded sandpaper. 
Fact: Randy bought a sawed-off sniper rifle. 
Fact: Randy bought a rocket dropper. 
Fact: Randy bought a pair of running heels. 
Fact: Randy bought a cardboard umbrella.
Fact: Randy gets his money's worth from absolutely anything he buys.
Fact: Randy and Bobby have this juggling act they do with hammers. One time they were performing it in Italy and some jack-ass plumber wandered into the middle of everything trying to punch a brick wall looking for coins. He got hit by one of the hammers and he died. Randy and Bobby haven't performed since, but one time Randy got a call from a recruiter asking how he'd feel working for a giant mutant turtle that was somehow related to the incident.
Fact: I asked Randy if he knew what time it was, he said yeah just not right now.
Fact: Some people who can't dance say it's because they have two left feet.... Just checkin.
Fact: Randy doesn't usually use a Mac, but when he does, it's running OSX Cougar.
Fact: Randy bought a stealth amplifier.
Fact: Randy bought a really fancy watch, but it only tells how much time is left until the next Star Wars movie.
Fact: Randy bought a phone that only calls Batman. Now he's got two of them.
Fact: Randy's heavy sigh weighs in at about 34 pounds.
Fact: Randy once showed up at Eric's house dragging an entire cruise ship behind him by the anchor. On the side of it, in big red letters, he'd painted "PT". Randy was like, "Hey Eric, let's go to Oregon!" Eric got the joke, but he figured Randy was really stretching it at this point.
Fact: Randy holds the land speed record for a cruise ship with "PT" painted on the side.
Fact: Randy was once named captain of a cruise ship, but he never took it out of the harbor because he has no idea how to navigate a cruise ship on water.
Fact: Randy circumnavigated the globe when it was a baby, in accordance to religious tradition.
Fact: Randy has a snow globe that you flip over and it snows on all the houses, but his has mini snow plows that do the driveways.
Fact: Randy can make a ham sandwich using turkey.
Fact: Randy can tie his arm behind his back with one arm tied behind his back.
Fact: Randy has a snow globe... Stop me if you've heard this one.
Fact: Randy went to a museum that had all the heads and arms from the statues in all the other museums.
Fact: Randy has a snow globe. Oh you've heard about it? Just checkin
Fact: Randy has a snow globe...trotter. He spins a snow globe on his finger and then throws it into a basket. It sounds more impressive than it really is.
Fact: Randy has a hybrid snow globe and magic 8-ball.  He filed for a patent in 1983.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped a snow storm and created the snow globe.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped a snow globe and made a joke that Eric already told us.
Fact: Randy has a notebook signed by Tom Riddle.
Fact: Randy once tried to write his name in the snow in his snow globe.  It did not turn out as he expected.
Fact: Randy got a job field-testing urinal cakes. He signs each one that passes his tests.
Fact: Randy has never made a student loan payment. The bank called the other day and asked what he did with the money. He said "I used it to build a nuclear warhead... So I'd appreciate it if you wouldn't call me anymore."
Fact: Randy got a $300 fine for kitty littering.
Fact: Randy is not all that comfortable watching Game of Thrones.
Fact: Randy’s favorite holiday is Halloween.  You get to dress up like a Jedi and people give you free candy.  Usually if you dress up as a Jedi people just look at you funny.
Fact: Randy’s favorite holiday is Halloween.  He likes to give out left feet when kids come to his house.  That way he can slim down the pile.
Fact: Randy’s favorite holiday is Halloween. He runs a haunted hay ride where the kids sit on a bunch of hay on the back of a tractor and ride it through a hay baler.
Fact: Randy's favorite holiday is Halloween. Every year Randy goes as Bobby and Bobby goes as Randy. Saves them a lot on costumes.
Fact: Randy just had a job interview, in the middle of it he took out a book and started reading, the interviewer said "what the hell are you doing?!" Randy said "let me ask you this, if you were in a car traveling at the speed of light and you turned your lights on, would they do anything?" The guy said "I don't know" Randy replied "well forget it then I don't want to work for you."
Fact: Randy got up this morning and almost broke both his arms folding his bed into a couch cause it's not one of those kinds of beds.
Fact: Randy got up this morning and almost broke both his arms folding his bed into a couch cause the ceiling fan on the bottom of the top bunk for the bottom bunk user was still going full blast.
Fact: Randy got up this morning and almost broke both his arms folding his bed into a couch cause he was trying to do this after tying his arm behind his back after having one arm tied behind his back.
Fact: Randy got up this morning and almost broke both his arms folding his bed into a couch cause he first folded it into a paper airplane, threw it, and then tried to catch it.
Fact: Randy got up this morning and almost broke both his arms folding his bed into a couch cause he was digging through thousands of other randyfacts trying to find Eric's original on the subject.
Fact: Randy got up this morning and almost broke both his arms folding his bed into a couch cause he sleeps with his bed dangling precariously off the edge of a 500ft cliff.
Fact: Randy got up this morning and almost broke both his arms folding his bed into a couch cause there were about a dozen cougars still on it trying to get out in time
Fact: Randy got up this morning and almost broke both his arms folding his bed into a couch cause he forgot that he stayed up all night playing Dungeons and Dragons with John Cena and spent the night on his guest bed.
Fact: Randy got up this morning and almost broke both his arms folding his bed into a couch cause, although he keeps rotting left feet in a pile, he sleeps with all of the severed arms.
Fact: Randy got up this morning and almost broke both his arms folding his bed into a couch cause he forgot he was sleeping outside, under the stars, and it's pretty hard to perform origami with your backyard.
Fact: Randy got up this morning and almost broke both his arms folding his bed into a couch cause he lost his Kordell Stewart rookie card and thought it got stuck inside.
Fact: Randy got up this morning and actually did break both his arms folding his bed into a couch cause Bobby dared him to, and he'll be damned if he doesn't take a dare Bobby gives him.
Fact: Randy always takes a dare that Bobby gives him. Bobby's favorite is to dare him to repave his neighbor's driveway.
Fact: Randy always takes a dare that Bobby gives him. Every Tuesday Bobby dares him to eat ham bbq. Bobby doesn't have much of an imagination.
Fact: Bobby actually has a really good imagination for a math teacher.
Fact: Bobby has a bobble head doll. 
Fact: Bobbys bobble head doll doesn't look like Randy at all.
Fact: Randy always takes a dare that Bobby gives him. Bobby once dared Randy to switch shoes with him for a day to see if anyone would notice. Bobby doesn't have much of an imagination.
Fact: Bobbys bobble head doll is in the bag of bags.
Fact: Bobbys bobble head burned a bank and bounced on a bus to Burbank.
Fact: Bobby's bobble head is a bad-ass balla bangin' to a bodacious beat by the boondocks.
Fact: Randy always takes a dare that Bobby gives him. Bobby once dared Randy to order a pizza with anchovies. Bobby doesn't have much of an imagination.
Fact: Bobby's bobble head bought some butter but he said the butter's bitter; if he puts it in his batter that will make his batter bitter.
Fact: Randy always takes a dare that Bobby gives him. Bobby once dared Randy to say "shut up, Jay!". Bobby doesn't have much of an imagination.
Fact: Randy always takes a dare that Bobby gives him. Bobby once dared Randy to talk to an older lady at a bar. Bobby doesn't have much of an imagination.
Fact: "Randy Randy Randy Randy Randy Randy Randy Randy” is a grammatically correct sentence.
Fact: Randy has the chief of grammar police in his pocket.
Fact: Randy broke a mirror in his house, he's supposed to have 7 years bad luck, but his lawyer thinks he can get it down to 5.
Fact: When Randy's worried about his luck, he just throws a salt truck over his shoulder.
Fact: About 4 years ago Randy was... No wait that was yesterday.
Fact: Randy broke a mirror in his house by throwing a salt truck over his shoulder.
Fact: Randy has a microwave fireplace, he can lay down in front of the fire for the evening in 8 minutes.
Fact: Without thinking, Randy slayed the Orkin man with a glowing dagger. He decided to just name the giant spider in his house Shelob rather than call the exterminator company back again.
Fact: For a while, Randy was flying an F-16 to work every day. He'd eject out right above the office and parachute down and let the F-16 crash with a giant ball of fire in a nearby field. After the first two the military stopped believing him when he swore he wouldn't do that again.
Fact: Randy has no filter for his foul language. One time he tried to use a pool filter but an f-bomb still made it through, right in front of the kids. Next time he'll try cleaning the algae out of it first, maybe that'll work better.
Fact: Randy has no filter for his foul language. But he does have a snail in the tank to help clean it up a bit.
Fact: Randy has a magic decoder ring that translates messages into... whatever Randy thinks they SHOULD say.
Fact: Randy broke a bottle of champagne over the server rack for his first web site launch. The whole thing short-circuited and caught fire, next time he's gonna try starting with maybe just a wine cooler or something.
Fact: After his short stint flying an F-16 to work every day, Randy started crashing a two seater Cessna into the King's parking lot for that sweet gift card.
Fact: Randy regularly receives loan offers in the main from the hood because he's got such good street cred.
Fact: Randy provided the voice for the yellow brick road in wizard of oz.
Fact: Randy did the voice acting for the guy in Princess Bride with his tongue cut out.
Fact: Randy starred in Star Wars a new hope, wait no... That was Harrison Ford.
Fact: Randy voiced Goofy in his first appearance.
Fact: Randy played the bassoon in the studio recording of The Sound of Silence.
Fact: Randy played the triangle in John Williams' original musical score for Star Wars
Fact: Randy voiced The Max in Saved by the Bell.
Fact: When Randy plays the musical score for a film, it's the high score, and he enters his name in as NOGRNTEE.
Fact: Randy wanted to voice all of the storm trooper blasters in Star Wars. However, if that happened they'd never miss.
Fact: Randy voiced the cow in Top Secret.
Fact: Randy took me cow tipping. It cost me 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy thinks that 8 bucks is a pretty good tip for a cow. It was, because the meal only cost $6.72... but the waitress didn't appreciate that Randy called her a cow.
Fact: Randy's idea of cow tipping involves removing it's left hoof, which causes the cow to fall over.
Fact: Randy once got a cow tipsy.
Fact: Randy has a pet cow. It drinks 12 gallons of whisky a day.  It costs a lot of money for that much whiskey. Randy is thinking about having steak for dinner.
Fact: Randy has a humidifier and a dehumidifier in the same room. He figured they'd come to an agreement eventually.
Fact: Randy's second favorite pickup line is "So, do you live around here often?"
Fact: Randy's second favorite pickup line is "Come with me if you want to live."
Fact: Randy's second favorite pickup line is "No, seriously, do you like dragons?"
Fact: Randy's second favorite pickup line is "Nice shoes...wanna go for a walk with me."
Fact: Randy's second favorite pickup line is "I feel strongly that a big age difference doesn't matter."
Fact: The song “Slow Ride” was written as an homage to Randy.
Fact: Randy's second favorite pickup line is... whatever Steve Perry happens to be saying in the song he's singing when Randy hits play on the boom box.
Fact: Randy receives messages directly from God. Usually it's just something like "hey" or "can u pick up milk"
Fact: Randy got pulled over by the police one time because he had his windows tinted too dark. This happened after a chase that went on for a good 40 miles. Randy's windows were tinted so dark he couldn't actually see the police cars and just figured the sirens were for someone else.
Fact: Randy "tinted" his windows with black spray paint because he likes to live dangerously.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, but Manuel Dobrega can.
Fact: Randy tinted his windows with tinfoil.
Fact: Randy’s car doesn’t have a spare tire. He just replaces his wheels with left feet.
Fact: Randy lost a button hole.
Fact: Randy would kill for a Nobel Peace Prize.
Fact: Randy is working on making you a birthday cake, so far he's got the candles done.
Fact: Randy is working on building a house, so far he's got the roof done.
Fact: Randy was at a diner and the sign said breakfast any time, so he ordered French toast during the renaissance. 
Fact: Randy's neighbor has multiple personalities. Last week he threatened to commit suicide. Randy called the police and told them it was a hostage situation.
Fact: the first time Randy ever fell in love he learned a lot. Before that he'd never even thought about killing himself.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend he's busy trying to figure out why the word phonetically isn't spelled with an f.
Fact: white misspelled Xibit couldn't fix Randy's brakes, so he made his horn louder.
Fact: White Misspelled Xibit couldn't fix Randy's muffler, so he took out his engine.
Fact: Randy has used a knife to kill time.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend he's busy trying to figure out what little birdies see when they get knocked unconscious.
Fact: When Randy gets knocked unconscious he sees a bunch of little Jim McGuinn's floating around.
Fact: Randy can jump from a bouncy castle and touch the moon.
Fact: Randy and Bobby once rented a bouncy castle for their birthday. They would toss a cow over the moon back and forth to each other every time they jumped. They wrote a nursery rhyme about it but some of the details got lost.
Fact: Randy's neighbor is T.J. McGinty
Fact: mr Rogers isn't dead, he's frozen. Not cryogenically, just in a chest freezer in Randy's garage.
Fact: Randy finds humor in the fact that it's a chest freezer, and if you open it, there's the frozen chest of Fred Rogers.
Fact: the rest of him is there too, not just his chest, but Randy thinks it's funny anyway.
Fact: Randy is perfectly preserving a head of lettuce in his freezer for the family of Walt Disney. There's been a lot of ridiculous rumors about it in the past.
Fact: it's a beautiful day in the.... Nope nope it's not, it's just the dead frozen body of Fred Rogers in a chest freezer in Randy's garage.
Fact: Randy has challenged all horrible mascots to a death match. So far he's killed off the Hamburgler, The BK Burger King, the Big Boy.  Next up on his list is Grimace and Steely McBeam. Those fuckers are creepier than the original Ronald McDonald (whom Randy also killed off).
Fact: Randy doesn't even remember if it's the chest of Fred Rogers stored in a freezer in his garage. I mean he's been in possession of parts of both Fred and Roy Rogers. It's definitely not Ginger Rogers, though. Of that he's pretty sure.
Fact: Henrietta Pussycat was once quoted as saying "meow meow freezer in meow meow garage meow Randy meow."
Fact: Every time Randy asks someone to do something for him and they say "Roger" in agreement, he chuckles. If they had said "no," he probably would have thrown them into the same chest freezer as Fred Rogers.
Fact: Randy always takes a dare that Bobby gives him. One time Bobby dared him to watch Mr. Rogers. Randy just stood in the garage and stared at the freezer for 30 minutes. Bobby doesn't have much of an imagination.
Fact: The terms "Ice Chest", "Ice Pick", and "Ice Hockey" were all invented by Randy when he drew up his plans for putting Fred Rogers into a freezer in his garage. He had to invent a bunch of technologies to accomplish the task, and much like NASA, many of those technologies saw everyday use by the general public.
Fact: Up until the final episode when Randy Finally got him, Fred Rogers would change his shoes just to prove that Randy hadn't taken his Left Foot yet.
Fact: One of Fred Rogers famous sneakers from the television show is on display at the Smithsonian Institute. The other is rotting in a pile of left feet somewhere in Carnegie.
Fact: The delivery man, Mr. McFeely, wasn't really a delivery man. He was sent by the studio to check on Fred Rogers during every show just to see if Randy finally caught up with him.
Fact: It took a long time for Randy to finally catch up with Fred Rogers. Every day he'd drive over to capture him, but by the time Randy was back from his detour through Cleveland the show was over.
Fact: It was a really close call the day that Fred Rogers ran an 8 hour telethon to fund public broadcasting. Fortunately for him there was an big accident on I80 and Randy didn't make it back in time.
Fact: hahaha and they said never put metal in the microwa......
Fact: Randy's against picketing he just doesn't know how to show it.
Fact: Randy owns a lot of video games, but none of them are the original versions. They're all basically cheap knock offs and clones. He's got Disarmored, which is like Dishonored, but you have to play the game naked.
Fact: Randy owns a lot of video games, but none of them are the original versions. They're all basically cheap knock offs and clones. He's got Doublo 3, which is nothing like Diablo, it's actually a Goldeneye clone.
Fact: Randy woke up this morning to find that everything in his house was stolen and replaced with an exact replica. He said "Bobby, what do you make of this?" Bobby said "Do I know you?"
Fact: Randy can throw his right ear like a boomerang.
Fact: No matter how Randy throws it, his right ear is more like a teenager than a boomerang. It won't come back until after curfew.
Fact: One Randy threw his right ear, when it came back, it had 8 piercings and a tattoo.
Fact: Randy threw his right ear like a boomerang at a group of thugs who were mugging someone. It came back with a punk on a motorcycle that Randy just didn't approve of.
Fact: Randy can stun most enemies with his right ear. Some enemies, like bats, can actually be killed with his right ear.
Fact: Randy threw his right ear like a boomerang at a group of annoying kids. When it came back it asked to go to some party on Saturday night with no adults.
Fact: Randy threw his right ear like a boomerang at a flock of seagulls, it came back with a ridiculous haircut.
Fact: Randy threw his right ear like a boomerang at some goth kids, it came back pierced and depressed.
Fact: Randy's right ear has a tattoo that says "Prodigal Son".
Fact: Randy can refill the water cooler with his lower body strength. He just kicks the empty bottle off and a full one back up there.
Fact: Randy calls Hawks bitch Eagles.
Fact: Randy was late for work today because he decided to take a zeppelin to work and spent all morning inflating the damn thing with a bike tire pump.
Fact: Randy looked out his window this morning and saw a bird wearing sneakers and a jacket saying "I ain't flying nowhere." Randy said "what's your problem, buddy?" He said "I'm sick of this stuff -- winter here, summer there, winter here, summer there. I don't know who thought this stuff up, but it certainly wasn't a bird." Randy said "well I was just making breakfast, come on in. Want some eggs? Sorry."
Fact: Randy threw his right ear like a boomerang at a store that was being robbed, it came back with some merchandise that it didn't pay for. Randy was really disappointed and made it go back and pay for it all.
Fact: Randy threw his right ear like a boomerang at a college, it came back with a 4 year degree.
Fact: Randy threw his right ear like a boomerang, it came back with a girl, but she didn't like dragons so Randy made her leave.
Fact: Randy threw his right ear like a boomerang at a concert. It came back listening to loud music, which really annoyed Randy.
Fact: Through much practice Randy learned that the human soul resides in the left foot.  Randy has no ginger feet.
Fact: Randy taught his dog to fetch a severed left foot from the pile when he says "heel." Randy's dog is really confused.
Fact: Randy taught his dog to order chinese food when he says "do you want to go for a wok?". Randy's dog is really confused.
Fact: Randy has a dog named Stay. When he calls it he says "come here, Stay. Come here, Stay." Randy's dog is really confused.
Fact: Randy loves the nightlife, he's got to boogie on the disco 'round
Fact: Randy taught his dog to throw up on Tom's feet when he says "sick him, boy!". Randy's dog is really confused... but Tom is kind of a dick so he deserves it.
Fact: Randy's dog isn't the only one that's confused
Fact: Randy's dog is a paranoid retriever. It brings back everything cause he's not sure what Randy threw him. Mostly post 1982 pennies.
Fact: Randy taught his dog to portray Yorick in the play Hamlet when he says "play dead."  Randy's dog is really confused.
Fact: Randy trained his dog to tell the difference in copper content between post and pre 1982 pennies
Fact: Randy's dog can tell the difference between pre and post 1982 pennies, but he doesn't care as much as Randy does about it.
Fact: Randy has made a killing off of post-1982 pennies. Sometimes he just throws them too hard and doesn't look where he's throwing them and someone dies.
Fact: Randy has made a killing off of post-1982 pennies. Instead of tossing them down, he throws them up. Eventually, they come down at terminal velocity and impale people from time to time.
Fact: One time a psychokiller followed Randy back to his house. His mom said if he fed it and took care of it that he could keep it, but one day Randy found a signature on the floor, in the house, and it wasn't his. Stabby had to go.
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs, he has one of Houdini locking his key in the car.
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs, he has one of your mom... oh wait... you weren't supposed to see that one.
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs he has one of Norman Rockwell beating up a child.
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs, he has one of Theodore Roosevelt carrying a twig and screaming.
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs, he has one of teenage Ghandi tipping a cow with a group of hooligans.
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs, he has one of a life guard drowning an elderly man.
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs, he has one of a doughnut, and there's absolutely nothing erotic about it.
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs, he has one of a PETA member eating a hamburger.
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs, he has one of his leftover meatloaf sandwich, back when it was still fresh, before it was leftover.
Fact: When you look at Randy with a thermal camera, his heat signature is all yellow.
Fact: When Randy breaks a sweat, it can never be repaired.
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs, he has one of Henry Ford taking the bus.
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs, he has one of John D. Rockefeller signing up for unemployment.
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs, he has one of Eric writing his own material.
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs, he has one of Alexander Graham Bell writing a letter.
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs, he has one of Nickelback not sucking... nevermind. That was just a picture of Dax Shepard in a leather jacket.
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs, he has one of Captain Redbeard winking. Or possibly blinking. It's hard to tell.
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs, he has one of Satan refilling the ice trays for his freezer.
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs, he has one of Bob Hope giving up faith in his fellow man.
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs, he has one of the Kardashians doing something interesting.
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs, he has one of Donkey Kong Country being developed.
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs, he has one of Voldemort playing with his friends.
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs, he has one of Batman celebrating mother's day.
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs, he has one of Galactus celebrating earth day.
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs, he has one of Jay beating him at Hearthstone.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped a selfie and turned it into a rare photograph of William Shakespeare writing a television pilot.
Fact: A penny for your thoughts, but Randy only accepts pre 1982 pennies. And he's usually thinking about murdering you, so just keep your penny.
Fact: Randy's not putting his two cents in because he's saving all his pennies.
Fact: Randy has an ass load of pennies. He calls them ass pennies.
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs, he has one of a smart-ass child, alive.
Fact: Randy's ass pennies are stored in the hollowed out carcass of a donkey he stole.
Fact: When Randy is transporting his penny collection, he hauls ass.
Fact: when filling the hollowed out carcass of a donkey he stole with pennies Randy had to insert them into the ass-hole. No it's not what you think but it's not much better. He gutted a poor donkey and filled it with pennies.
Fact:  When filling the hollowed out carcass of whale he stole with pennies Randy had to insert them into the blow-hole. No it's not what you think but it's not much better. He gutted a poor whale and said Skadoosh!
Fact: Randy shaved the area of the donkey he stole before he gutted it and filled it with pennies. He didn't want to have a hairy ass-hole.
Fact: Randy once did a craft session on Good Morning America showing people how to make Randybags.
Fact: Randy can grab a bag by the balls.
Fact: Randy can have a ball with a bag.
Fact: Randy can bag a bunch of bag balls.
Fact: Randy brags about bags bulging with bag balls beneath benches in Boston, bitch.
Fact: When Randy goes to Taco Bell, and they ask "how can I take your order?" Randy brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: At the start of a race they say "on your mark get set go" and everyone starts running, Randy just brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: Randy has stormed the beaches of Normandy. Columbus Day 1997 in Massachusetts.
Fact: Randy brandishes a double cheeseburger, and then he probably eats some chicken nuggets or some shit.
Fact: When he wants to make some kind of fancy dish out of bran flakes and ground beef, Randy brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: Randy doesn't have a passport. He just uses Bobby's.
Fact: Randy doesn't have a passport, he just brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: During World War II, Randy invaded Poland in hopes of seeing Episode 8 earlier than everyone else. He was a little bit too early.
Fact: Randy is never actually late for anything. He just arrives so early that he has to eat breakfast while he waits and misses his appointment time.
Fact: You say potato, I say potahtoe Randy just brandishes s double cheeseburger.
Fact: Randy doesn't have a passport. He sends other people to foreign countries to catch the vortex football that he throws.
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs, he has one of Erron missing sirsday and someone quitting.
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs, he has one of Jonathan driving south.
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs, he has one of Vincent Van Gogh cleaning his ears with q-tips.
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs, he has one of Stan Lee giving Jack Kirby credit.
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs, he has one of Tom not being a dick.
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs, he has one of himself losing at magic.
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs, he has one of his nipples pointing due south
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs, he has one of Macaulay Culkin being relevant.
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs, he has one of Metallica winning a heavy metal Grammy in the 80's.
Fact: Randy collects rare photographs, he has one of Jimmy Hoffa’s grave.
Fact: Randy is a prolific music artist. He takes home a grammy every Thursday night.
Fact: Randy has an extra thumb on his right hand. If he really likes a movie, he gives it 3 thumbs up.
Fact: Randy has an extra thumb on his right hand. So he has no middle finger on it, but fuck you anyways.
Fact: Randy was the inspiration for the children's book "everybody poops".
Fact: Randy is the reason why people stopped signing the back of their credit cards.
Fact: Randy was the inspiration for the children’s book, “The Illustrated Guide to Cougars"
Fact: Randy likes to put Skittles in his Lucky Charms cereal.
Fact: Randy always eats a bowl of Lucky Charms before he visits the casino. He hits the jackpot every time.
Fact: Bobby ate a bowl of Marshmallow Mateys before he visited the casino. He got mugged in the parking lot by pirates.
Fact: Randy always eats a bowl of Lucky Charms before he downloads warez. He still gets busted for it every time.
Fact: Randy patented the patent.
Fact: Randy wrote the wrong copy for copyright.
Fact: Randy patented the idea for the copyright
Fact: Randy patented the woodchipper specifically used for smart ass children
Fact: Randy traded Mark for a trademark.
Fact: Randy owns the patent for creation of the universe.
Fact: Randy had the bright idea to patent the single shoe pair of shoes. It didn't really catch on right away.
Fact: Randy's been using up all God's minutes on their cell phone plan as a way of getting back at him for not paying his royalties when He created the universe. There was a lengthy legal battle about it, but God won, He always fucking wins, but Randy's getting him back with those minutes, yeah, that'll show him.
Fact: Randy has a monopoly on the board game monopoly.
Fact: Randy never plays “Guess Who” because he already knows.
Fact: Randy wrote the contract clause that allows Santa Claus to deliver presents.
Fact: Randy came up with the idea for the naughty list and Santa Claus giving out coal. His original plan called for the smart ass kids to be thrown in a woodchipper and their remains hung in a stocking above the fireplace. Santa thought that was a bit extreme.
Fact: When Randy was a child the Easter Bunny ate all of the food in his house and didn't leave any candy. Randy confronted him but the Easter just said "call somebody that cares." So, Randy called batman.
Fact: Have you ever seen Randy and Chuck Norris in the same room? I doubt it. Chuck Norris is afraid of Randy.
Fact: Randy calls Chuck Norris Facts bitch Randyfacts
Fact: Randy can’t hang out this weekend.  He’s catching up on the latest <#C04C6HGU9|randyfacts>.
Fact: Randy once cooked a chuck roast he named Norris. He burnt it. Randy's a shitty cook. 
Fact: Randy bitch slapped a chuck roast he cooked named Norris and created Chuck Norris.
Fact: Chuck Norris and Randy both agree that one another are just genuinely nice guys.
Fact: Randy runs on 2 AA batteries that died in 1995.
Fact: For $129.99, Randy will recharge all the batteries in your house with force lightning. He'll cackle maniacally the whole time, which can be a bit unsettling. He might also be liable to electrocute your family pet in the process, but think about all the money you'll save on new batteries.
Fact: Sometimes Randy moves gravel out of his neighbors driveway, for great justice. They can't all be 'zig's, folks.
Fact: Randy moved a boulder out of his driveway with such force that it turned into gravel in his neighbor's driveway. Now wonder the dude wanted it moved back.
Fact: Randy uses Force Push to move gravel out of his neighbors driveway
Fact: It was a bold move for Randy's neighbor to pave his driveway with asphalt, but Randy's move was boulder.
Fact: I just talked to Randy, and Randy CAN hang out this weekend.
Fact: even if Randy can hang out this weekend you won't be hanging out with Randy this weekend.
Fact: I can't hang out with Randy this weekend because I'm going to a Starbucks in Wichita, Kansas.
Fact: I can't hang out with Randy this weekend because I'm going to see a Black Sabbath tribute band. However, they are not McDonald's characters.
Fact: Randy beats his JavaScript code with an ugly stick before running it through a beautifier.
Fact: Randy doesn't minify JavaScript, only people.
Fact: The only thing Randy will minify is right feet in a wood chipper.
Fact: Randy maxifies his JavaScript. This just deliberately makes it take longer to download. It also routes all the network packets through a datacenter in Cleveland.
Fact: Whenever someone uses the phrase "nobody move and nobody gets hurt" Randy immediately moves.
Fact: One-size-fits-all clothing doesn't fit Randy.
Fact: Randy can only drive atvs on asphalt. 
Fact: Randy's saws-all only cuts wood.
Fact: Randy’s ShamWow! doesn’t clean up spills
Fact: Randy has a ShamHuhIGuessThat'sKindaNeat.
Fact: Randy cleans up his spilled psychedelic drugs with a ShamWhoa.
Fact: Randy tripped on acid once. He didn't get high, he just didn't see that huge pile of LSD in his way and tripped over it.
Fact: Randy tripped on cocaine once. He didn't get high, he just didn't see that huge pile of cocaine in his way and tripped over it.
Fact: Randy tripped on a step he didn't see once. He didn't get high, he just didn't see that step and tripped over it.
Fact: Randy tripped on a juicebox once. There's a reason why they call it Hi-C.
Fact: Randy took peyote once to find his spirit animal.  It was an AT-ST.
Fact: Randy's spirit animal is the honey badger. He don't give a fuck.
Fact: Randy's spirit animal is the cougar. They really lift his spirits on Thursdays.
Fact: Randy lifts peoples' spirits and sells them to his fence for a pretty penny, or at least a pre-1982 penny.
Fact: When CCR sang about Who'll Stop the Rain, Randy let them know it was God, and he was stopping it so everyone going to SirsDay didn't get wet.
Fact: Randy was really good at Charliefacts. It's a shame that he doesn't write Randyfacts.
Fact: Randy kicked ass at playing tag as a kid, even though he was always slower than everyone else, because even at a young age, all your base were belong to him.
Fact: Randy is able to easily calculate any prime number in his head within seconds, but when he goes through The Cube, he chooses the rooms he knows have traps in them because he likes to stay dangerous.
Fact: Randy has been known to pose as a high school student at different high schools in the area.  He only does it on chicken nugget day though.
Fact: Randy gets detention for skipping class every time he poses as a high school student, which is fine cause he needs the extra time to eat his chicken nuggets.
Fact: Randy doesn't even need to do anything differently, he just goes to a high school and eats their chicken nuggets and people just assume he goes there, he did it just yesterday, then he probably ate some chicken nuggets or some shit.
Fact: Randy is listed in several high school year books as "Most Likely To Throw The Entire Student Body Through A Wood Chipper."
Fact: Randy has thrown an entire student body through a Wood Chipper. He was a bit of a smart ass.
Fact: Randy once asked someone a loaded question. When he didn't get the answer he wanted, he fired it and killed the person he was asking.
Fact: When Randy messes with the bull, he gets the filet mignon.
Fact: If you live in a glass house, Randy's going to throw a brick through your front door.
Fact: If you live in a glass house, Randy's going to shoot lasers at you.
Fact: If you live in a glass house, Randy's going to demand to come over for karaoke night, and when he hits that high note in More Than a Feeling, he's going to shatter your silly little house into a billion tiny fragments.
Fact: If you live in a glass house, Randy's going to come over and move all the fragments of glass off your property to another property because your neighbor will demand it.
Fact: if you live in a glass house, Randy is a fan, any other type of house, he's an air conditioner. 
Fact: Randy can swing 5:00 on Sunday, but he *could* swing it any day.
Fact: Randy knows the caffeine content of staples.
Fact: Randy always got interesting things in his McDonald's happy meals as a kid. One time they gave him a 9mm handgun.
Fact: Randy always got interesting things in his McDonald's happy meals as a kid. One time they gave him an enchanted talisman that allowed him to summon a magic yak.
Fact: Randy always got interesting things in his McDonald's happy meals as a kid. One time they gave him another, significantly smaller happy meal.
Fact: Randy always got interesting things in his McDonald's happy meals as a kid. One time they gave him Ronald McDonald's severed head on a platter.
Fact: Randy always got interesting things in his McDonald's happy meals as a kid. One time they gave him just like some chicken nuggets or some shit.
Fact: Randy always got interesting things in his McDonald's happy meals as a kid. One time they gave him a half-used roll of paper towels.  
Fact: how many dismembered puppies does it take to change a lightbulb? Apparently not 4 cause Randy's basement is still dark.
Fact: Randy always got interesting things in his McDonald's happy meals as a kid. One time he got a cracker jack box... but there was no prize in it.
Fact: Randy always got interesting things in his McDonald's happy meals as a kid. One time he got the barbie toy instead of the hot wheels car.
Fact: Randy always got interesting things in his McDonald's happy meals as a kid. One time he got the still beating heart of the owner... but that was immediately after getting the barbie toy instead of the hot wheels car.
Fact: Randy always got interesting things in his McDonald's happy meals as a kid. One time he got a hitchhikers guide to Cleveland.
Fact: Randy always got interesting things in his McDonald's happy meals as a kid. One time he got a Burger King whopper.
Fact: Randy always got interesting things in his McDonald's happy meals as a kid. One time he got the joke that was written on the back of the box.
Fact: Randy always got interesting things in his McDonald's happy meals as a kid. One time they gave him a complete refund because the still beating heart of the owner wasn't enough to make up for the barbie toy.
Fact: Randy always got interesting things in his McDonald's happy meals as a kid. One time they gave him a free oil change.
Fact: Randy always got interesting things in his McDonald's happy meals as a kid. One time they gave him a grape fruit.
Fact: Randy always got interesting things in his McDonald's happy meals as a kid. One time they gave him a wooden sword and told him that it was dangerous to go alone. So he took Bobby with him.
Fact: Randy always got interesting things in his McDonald's happy meals as a kid. One time they gave him extra fries, a coupon for ice cream, and unlimited access to the play place... because what kind of a kid wants a refund and a still beating heart? Next time they better not hive him the barbie toy.
Fact: Randy can read Lady Gaga's poker face, but it says some shit in French, and he doesn't speak French so it's kind of a wash.
Fact: Randy can't speak French, but he can sing it.
Fact: Randy can't speak German, but he can write it.
Fact: Randy generally only sings French when it's a Patti LaBelle song.
Fact: Randy could wok-toss a football a quarter mile back in high school.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what it meant to wok-toss something. He grabbed a pair of pedestrians passing by the diner from off the street, loaded them into a catapult, launched them to Cleveland, and charged them 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy *knew* the muffin man, until he tried to charge him 8 bucks for a muffin.
Fact: Randy used to own a diner, but he greatly misunderstood what chipped ham was. He'd put it on some bread with a handful of cpus  plug in your sandwich and charge you 8 bucks
Fact: Randy can reheat his leftover chipped ham sandwich by plugging it into a USB port. This usually leaves the port a mess when he unplugs it though.
Fact: Randy's leftover ham wasn't chipped until he tried reheating it with a live hand grenade.
Fact: Randy overclocked his chipped ham sandwich without a good cooling system. Now it's a ham bbq.
Fact: Randy tried to liquid-cool his overclocked chipped ham sandwich with a bottle of Cherry Coke.
Fact: Your mom upgraded Randy's chipped ham sandwich to a dual-core by cutting it into two triangles for him, just the way he likes it.
Fact: Randy reheats his leftover chipped ham sandwich by placing it next to his Francium collection.
Fact: Randy took his quad-core chipped ham sandwich on a ride through the woods this past weekend. It was pretty fun.
Fact: Randy always got interesting things in his McDonald's happy meals as a kid. One time they gave him a chipped ham sandwich.
Fact: Randy set up his chipped ham sandwich in a cluster setup with Bobby's chipped ham sandwich so they could mine bitcoins, but only bitcoins minted before 1982.
Fact: Randy's favorite woodwind instrument is the Toosoon. He plays in the same orchestra section as Gene Wilder and Harambe.
Fact: When Randy performs with his Toosoon as part of the orchestra, he skips ahead a few pages in the music.
Fact: Randy learned to wok-toss before he could crawl.
Fact: For $129.99, Randy will wok-toss your dog while you and your spouse are on vacation. It's sort of like walking your dog, but he just throws your dog the distance that it would normally be travelling over the course of the walk. It's much more efficient that way, but when it comes to the safety of your pet there's no guarantees.
Fact: Randy jumped so high he won the X Prize. Read a book people.
Fact: Randy loves paper airplanes. He builds them in all shapes and sizes. He threw one once at Kitty Hawk, it was kind of a big deal. Read a book people.
Fact: Randy started and runs the very successful charity gloves and dentures for zombies.
Fact: Before Randy's charity, Gloves and Dentures for zombies, there were a few other undead charities out there, but they were all wights-only.
Fact: Randy hacked the Texas A&amp;M code, every time a kid's grades get too good, their student record gets run through the woodChipper() function and is destroyed.
Fact: Randy has a pet jellyfish named Smuckers.
Fact: Randy has an origami Crane named Folgers.
Fact: Randy has an animated peanut named Jif.
Fact: Randy's pet jellyfish and origami crane are gonna have a baby. They're either gonna call it Smoldgers or they're gonna call it... They're gonna call it Smoldgers.
Fact: Randy has an animated jar of peanut butter named Gif.
Fact: Randy hacked the Texas A&amp;M code and  replaced all of audio files with audio of him saying "Do you like dragons?"
Fact: Randy hacked off all of the left feet of the Texas A&amp;M students.
Fact: Randy knows the important questions facing today's youth
Fact: Randy did all the English voice overs for the Texas A&amp;M project.
Fact: Manuel Dobrega did all the Spanish voice overs for the Texas A&amp;M project.
Fact: All of the Spanish voice overs for the Texas A&amp;M project aren't actually Spanish. They are just english spoken with an accent like Speedy Gonzales.
Fact: All of the Spanish voice overs for the Texas A&amp;M project aren't actually Spanish... Manuel Dobrega is just REALLY GOOD at jedi mind tricks.
Fact: Randy can't actually speak Spanish. When he travels to Mexico, he just repeats words like "burrito" and "taco" over and over in his best attempt at a Mexican accent. Good thing the only reason he ever talks to people down there is to order food, and pretty much everyone's happy with the 8 bucks he pays them.
Fact: Randy only knows what a Mexican accent sounds like from watching Speedy Gonzales cartoons. It's actually kind of offensive to Mexicans, but they don't say anything as long as he continues to pay for his tacos in American money.
Fact: Randy is planning a trip to Mexico with Eric. He wanted to give Eric some Spanish lessons before leaving, but Eric doesn't wanna taco bout it.
Fact: Randy thinks all Mexicans can run really fast. He's learned all he knows about Mexicans from watching Speedy Gonzales cartoons.
Fact: Manuel Dobrega actually _is_ pretty fast
Fact: Randy has a pretty impressive back tattoo. It's a picture of him and your mom riding a dragon.
Fact: Randy ordered a six dollar burger at Carl's Jr., but still paid 8 bucks for it.
Fact: Manuel Dobrega doesn't take a detour through Cleveland before going wherever he goes, but in order to skip the detour, he's gotta eat chorizo.
Fact: Manuel Dobrega's nipples point due south
Fact: Manuel Dobrega's horn plays "La Cucaracha"
Fact: Every Cinco De Mayo Randy and Manuel Dobrega get together and have a Mexican Hat Dance competition.
Fact: Getting your left foot chopped off: $8. Having your smart-ass child thrown into a wood chipper: $8. Having your house blown up with 2 proton torpedoes in an effort to clean out your laundry vent: $129.99. There are some things in Randy's life that money can't buy, for everything else, there's his Kordell Stewart rookie card.
Fact: Back in the old days when Randy needed to Ford a river. He drove a Ford Ranchero through a god damned river.
Fact: Back in the old days when Randy needed to Ranchero a river. He drove a Ford Ranchero through a god damned river.
Fact: When cornered and alone and faced with the chilling fact of his own mortality... Randy played the Ancestral Recall card and won the magic tournament!
Fact: Randy is able to play the Ancestral Recall card to get your mom to pick him up from the playground.
Fact: Randy always got interesting things in his McDonald's happy meals as a kid. One time they gave him a love note from your mom.
Fact: Randy always got interesting things in his McDonald's happy meals as a kid. One time he got... your mom pregnant.
Fact: Randy has a fish tank at home with two fish named Foldgers and Smuckers, they had a baby together and Randy's either gonna name it Smoldgers or... he's gonna name it Smoldgers
Fact: Randy can't can't out this weekend, he's too busy getting a headless blumpkin.
Fact: Bobby used to be a much better teacher, but one time Randy came in for show and tell and found out that a couple of the kids had learned enough to be considered "smart-ass", you can pretty much guess how it went from there.
Fact: Randy tries to talk about very specific topics. For example, he feels like talking about automobile accident causes is too broad.
Fact: Randy plays a lot of D&amp;D, his latest character is a dual-classed druid/assassin that's some kind of hyena-man. His targets die by a shot from a grassy gnoll.
Fact: When Randy's D&amp;D character comes within sight of a dragon, the dragon must roll a charisma check or else it cannot attack. Dragons like Randy.
Fact: Randy drags his knuckles as he walks. Actually he drags the entire corpse. minus the left foot of course.
Fact: the three types of clouds according to Randy are cumulus, stratus, and mushroom.
Fact: if Bob Ross painted so many happy little clouds, how come there was never any fire or dead bodies from the blast?
Fact: Randy loves salad, but hates mushrooms, the only mushroom he likes requires some uranium.
Fact: the only way you can get Randy to eat mushrooms is if you toss a salad with a nuclear blast.
Fact: when Randy gives you a mushroom shaped tattoo he drops an atom bomb on your face.
Fact: When Randy needs an extra life in Super Mario Brothers, he drops a nuke on something green and white and collects the mushroom cloud. Sorry Luigi, the palette swap hasn't been kind to you.
Fact: One time Randy swallowed a mushroom cloud and went on a nuclear trip.
Fact: Randy told me that he wanted to fit in more activities related to nuclear explosions, but there wasn't mushroom for more. He was really proud of that one.
Fact: Randy found some mold growing in his basement, so he dropped a nuke on it. He was really disappointed that this just made a giant mushroom cloud.
Fact: Randy wants to settle down with a nice cougar and start a nuclear family. When that happens he'll be on mushroom cloud 9.
Fact: Solely due to the whole mushroom cloud thing, Randy thinks Oppenheimer must have been a fungi.
Fact: When they talk about ways to clear out dangerous growths in your basement, they have to admit... Randy really broke the mold.
Fact: Randy has a pet mushroom cloud.
Fact: Randy mixes his experience as a fireworks maker and a nuclear technician to make better explosions. His green and white mushroom cloud really one upped Hiroshima.
Fact: Randy's D&amp;D character cast the spell Fire Skeleton. It's a lot like fireball except it only does area of effect damage on his inner demons.
Fact: White Misspelled Xibit pimped Randy's nuke. When Randy set it off, it made a zucchini cloud. He tried to tell Randy that it was healthier for him, but Randy's starting to think he was duped.
Fact: Randy's favorite game is duke nukem.
Fact: White Misspelled Xibit pimped Randy's copy of Duke Nukem. When Randy looked at the case it said Nuke Dup'em. He tried to tell Randy that it was the same game, but Randy's starting to think he was duped.
Fact: Randy did all the voice acting for Duke Nukem 3D. He actually talks like that a lot normally, but he's just so quiet you can't hear it.
Fact: Randy won't eat a pizza with mushrooms on it unless it's also got pipe bombs, proximity mines, and a shrink ray.
Fact: When Randy's done signing a document he says "Ahhhh, much better!"
Fact: Randy was fired from 3d Realms because he kept removing the Mighty Foot feature from the code and keeping it on a 3.5 floppy disk with his pile of left feet.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he's been invited to a fiesta de culo con cera. He doesn't speak Spanish, but it should be a good time, he's just worried the food might be too spicy.
Fact: Randy has never been "50/50" for anything. He and Bobby are 100/100 all the time.
Fact: Randy has the scariest Haunted Hay Ride in town. He locks everyone up in the back of a tractor, lights the hay on fire, and charges the next of kin 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy's haunted hayride takes weeks cause it detours through Cleveland.
Fact: Randy once proved that haunted hayrides are for horses by running an entire wagon load of smart-ass children through a combine.
Fact: Randy can even, but sometimes he just won't.
Fact: Randy likes things even steven. So he chopped off Mr. Irwin's right foot as well.
Fact: Randy likes things even seven, because it doesn't actually even rhyme or make any sense.
Fact: Randy likes things odd todd. He only took Mrs. Lincoln's left foot.
Fact: Randy likes things odd nod. When he plays Command and Conquer, he never plays as the GDI, and he only uses the really weird Nod units.
Fact: Randy was accused of attacking submarines from a destroyer vessel, but the charges were dropped.
Fact: Randy solves a jigsaw puzzle by dumping a bottle of Elmer's glue in the box and shaking it until all the pieces are stuck together. Then he takes it out of the box and takes a picture of it. He sends that picture to the jigsaw puzzle company and they send him a new box with the picture of his sticky jigsaw blob on the cover. You gotta admit, it's a clever way to solve one of those really tricky puzzles with the double-sided pieces.
Fact: Randy manufactures chainsaw puzzles.  He just cuts up a bunch of logs into rough shapes and doodles a picture of a dragon on a crate.
Fact: Randy is known to scalp his enemies. But he doesn't quite know what scalping is, so he typically layers the back, adds highlights, and donates the trimmings to wig manufacturers.
Fact: Bobby thought it would be hilarious to convince Randy that "scalping" was the ancient navajo word for Supercuts. Bobby doesn't have much of an imagination.
Fact: Randy used to own a brutal tribe of warrior people, but he greatly misunderstood how to scalp his enemies. He's been known to set up a barber shop outside of sporting events and charge students a discount rate of 8 bucks.
Fact: When Randy needs a haircut, he goes to a barberian, and they use a battle axe. It takes anywhere between 4-8 hours and by the end of it all, the entire shop is covered in blood and corpses. Randy leaves a tip of a bag of severed heads.
Fact: Randy puts the fun in functional.
Fact: Randy puts the smold in Smoldgers
Fact: When Zuul asked Bobby what form he wanted the apocalypse to take, everybody just died and the universe stopped existing. Bobby doesn't have much of an imagination.
Fact: When Bobby wanted to fit in with the cool kids at school, he used hot sauce.
Fact: If the shoe fits, Randy wears it. If it doesn't fit, Bobby helps him make it fit with a bottle of hot sauce.
Fact: Randy voiced One Eye'd Willie in The Goonies.
Fact: When Bobby was young, his teacher asked him what he wanted to be when he grew up. Bobby said, "Older." Bobby doesn't have much of an imagination.
Fact: When Bobby was young, his teacher asked him what he wanted to be when he grew up. Bobby said "Just like my brother". Bobby doesn't have much of an imagination.
Fact: When Bobby is leading a game of "Simon Says", he tells everyone "Simon says... just keep doing what you're doing." Bobby doesn't have much of an imagination.
Fact: Bobby submitted that randyfact that's just like "Fact: Bobby." Bobby doesn't have much of an imagination.
Fact: Bobby was responsible for naming the beverage "orange drink." Bobby doesn't have much of an imagination.
Fact: Randy used to run a video game help hotline in the 90s. You'd call it up and tell him what game you were playing and where you got stuck, and he'd try to help you, but you usually couldn't hear him or understand what he was saying, so he'd get frustrated and just reach through the phone, grab your controller, and beat the game for you.
Fact: Randy used to run a video game help hotline in the 90s. Sometimes Bobby would fill in for him. When someone called in and Bobby answered, he'd just tell them to try harder. Bobby doesn't have much of an imagination.
Fact: Most people hate it when you grab the controller out of their hands and try to beat the video game for them. Imagine how much they hate it when Randy grabs the controller out of their hands and beats them senseless with it.
Fact: Randy claimed victory in the Gulf War with a 9 iron.
Fact: Randy scored a fire-in-the-hole-in-one in the Gulf War.
Fact: Randy started the British SAS by snapping his fingers and saying "Nuh uh, girl."
Fact: The tension is so thick, you can cut it with a knife. Randy spreads a little bit of it on his bagel for breakfast. At least he would, if he could ever make up his god damned mind about which bagel to eat.
Fact: Randy can't hit his head off of bricks and produce coins, but that doesn't stop him from hitting you in the head with a brick to see if yours will.
Fact: There once was a tale of a man formed from legend. He could overwhelmingly overcome any challenge with ease, manipulate anything in the known universe, and outlast time itself. With the ability to do anything possible near instantly, he had some fun with reality for a few eons. As the legend goes, after a time he got bored, so he tried to blend in with society. He'd try to stay in one spot for awhile, but tales of unexplained greatness and his reputation proceeded him everywhere he went. These stories were chronologically ordered into Facts as man struggled to describe his power and intellect with words. Mild ironies like having a heart physically made of purest gold yet creating a mountain of severed left feet confused mankind. It took milennia, but the man of legend finally realized the only way to be truly understood was to not be alone. He wandered the Earth, and as he'd make friends, he'd tell tales of his adventures. Each endeavor with his friends became stories of their own that he would tell others. Tales of incredible feats by others manifested his friends' powers, and they became legends themselves. This is the true legend. He roams around, looking to awaken the legend in everyone he meets. The tales grow longer, and each legend becomes more powerful the more legends are awakened. Soon, his friends became powerful enough to awaken other legends through their stories, and the man of myth faded into their existence. As the man of legend furthers their power with his stories of their incredible feats, so do the legends keep his story alive, knowing one day they will gather enough power for the man of myth to return.
Fact: When a dragon needs to make a wish, they have to find all 7 Randy balls, and he still charges them $8 bucks.
Fact: The dragon balls actually came from the first dragon that cut in front of Randy in line. Randy didn't care if he was only there for the soup.
Fact: Despite the fact that Randy's skeleton is on fire, he's still a pretty cool guy.
Fact: Randy owns a lot of video games, but none of them are the original versions. They're all basically cheap knock offs and clones. He's got Metaman, which is a game about a game about a good robot fighting a bunch of evil robots.
Fact: Randy once took a dump on an Atari 2600 and invented pong.
Fact: Randy once cleaned out an Atari 2600 and invented super metroid.
Fact: Randy once set fire to an Atari 2600 and discovered fire.
Fact: Randy was responsible for E.T. on the 2600.
Fact: Randy's genius cannot be captured in a single video game. The last time they tried, they got E.T. for the Atari 2600.
Fact: Randy once drop-kicked an Atari 2600 and sent it into space. When it came back, he invented Space Invaders.
Fact: Randy once fornicated with an Atari 2600, it broke, when he put it back together again, it was still broken.  They can't all be zingers folks.
Fact: Randy has a sun dial, when he wants clouds, he just turns the dial.
Fact: Randy tried to hang up and sun dial the operator, but his sun dial only calls batman.
Fact: On a particularly generous winter season, Randy decided that he would stop throwing smart ass children into a  wood chipper. Instead he created E.T. on the Atari 2600. Many analysts have since called it a worse fate for children than the wood chipper.
Fact: Randy created a Kickstarter page for his remake of ET for the Atari 2600. It's supposed to be even better than the original. He hasn't got any backers yet, but he's still hopeful.
Fact: An alien race once tried to annihilate all life on the planet earth. Because Randy supported their cause, he created E.T. on the Atari 2600 to celebrate. The invading race took one look and turned around. That's only the 12th time that Randy accidentally saved the planet.
Fact: Randy can beat E.T. for the Atari 2600 by digging all the dirt in dig dug.
Fact: The 11th time Randy accidentally saved the planet, he was just trying to select all but hit Control-S instead.
Fact: Randy voiced all of the characters in E.T. for the Atari 2600.
Fact: Randy can levitate space aliens on bicycles with his mind. It was captured on camera once in the movie E.T. but Randy's never seen it.
Fact: There is a 1 in over 9,000 chance that you will randomly be given this particular randyfact.
Fact: During its first year, the corporation of Looking Like Randy experienced 100% growth. It's remained stagnant ever since.
Fact: Randy has won the NASCAR sprint cup driving an Atari 2600.
Fact: The only time Randy won't take a detour through Cleveland is when he's driving an Atari 2600.
Fact: Randy uses an Atari 2600 as a heart monitor. It doesn't actually measure people's heart rate. But when he dies playing E.T. he is likely to kill someone by stopping their heart.
Fact: Randy uses an Atart 2600 as a time machine. It just takes him into into the future at a normal rate. For anyone else this isn't a big deal, but for someone who travels through time as much as Randy does, sometimes it's nice to let the fabric of spacetime just do it's thing.
Fact: Randy uses an Atari 2600 as an eraser for a chalkboard. It doesn't work very well and the noise is almost unbearable, but you might as well let him keep at it or he'll use it as an eraser for you and everyone you've ever loved.
Fact: Randy invented E.T. for the Atari 2600 as a cure for boredom. No, the game certainly isn't fun, but after you play it you'll stop complaining about being bored.
Fact: Randy created E.T. for the Atari 2600 to teach fish how to school together. No, the game won't play underwater, but he tosses the console at any fish that stray from the school and electrocutes it.
Fact: Randy created E.T. for the Atari 2600 to teach basic economics. No, the game has nothing to do with economics, but after you play it, you'll probably pay a little more attention to how frivolously you spend your money.
Fact: Randy created E.T. for the Atari 2600 as a means to accelerate the space race. No, the game has no ability to operate a space shuttle, but once he showed it to the folks at NASA they couldn't wait to leave the planet.
Fact: Randy created E.T. for the Atari 2600 so that Jeff could make a joke about it in Randyfacts and Erron and Caleb could totally just abuse the joke.
Fact: Randyfacts was born from  the abuse of jokes by Erron and Caleb
Fact: Those jokes had it coming.
Fact: a leopard can carry two times its body weight into a tree. I don't have a joke for that yet, but it is accurate.
Fact: A leopard can carry two times its body weight into a tree. Good thing Randy is light, because that means both him and Bobby don't have to waste their energy climbing.
Fact: Randy can make the Kessel run in Star Wars for the Atari 2600 in under 12 parsecs.
Fact: Randy has some shish kabobs but people started calling them kabobs and then bobs, so it went from shish kabob to kabob to bob.
Fact: A cougar can carry two times its body weight into a tree... but they're happy to just take Randy.
Fact: For many years Randy's shoes also double as a flotation device... but eventually he stopped walking around with kayaks tied to his feet.
Fact: Randy holds a Guinness world record for probably eating some chicken nuggets or some shit.
Fact: Since abandoning kayaks as footwear, whenever Randy wants to use his shoes as flotation devices now, he just fills them with cocaine. 
Fact: Randy created E.T. for the Atari 2600 to teach the abstract concept of existentialism to students. No, it doesn't contain any actual educational value in the gameplay, but after letting several students play the game together, they are presented with the idea that for the game to not exist they could just agree that it was a shared dream and not a real game.
Fact: Randy created E.T. for the Atari 2600 to show that a college degree in mathematics is in fact valuable. No, the math degree will not help any of the graduates actually get a job in their field, but as they settle into a career completely unrelated to abstract number theory, they'll know that they at least are not responsible for that game.
Fact: A hot tub is just a tub until Randy gets in it.
Fact: They say that beauty is only skin deep. Randy's hotness goes all the way down to the bone.
Fact: Randy once put a chicken nugget in an Atari 2600 and played burger time.
Fact: Randy once smashed his Atari 2600 to pieces with a rock and created Asteroids.
Fact: Randy once got so mad playing E.T. on his Atari 2600 that he threw it out his window. It made it all the way to the moon and actually hit the ground undamaged and created Lunar Lander.
Fact: Randy dropped a tuna fish sandwich in an Atari 2600 and created Echo the dolphin.
Fact: Randy once woke up Bobby with the sound of plugging a metal chain into an Atari 2600 and creating Links Awakening 
Fact: Randy once got so mad playing E.T. on his Atari 2600 that he threw it out his window. It made it all the way across 376 and landed somewhere in the Ohio River and created Frogger.
Fact: Randy's got a DJ setup with 2 turntables and a microphone, but he can't remember where it's at.
Fact: Randy has a rather substantial collection of asses that he won from him taking the odds on what many people considered to be really safe bets.
Fact: Randy provided the voice for the delorean in back to the future 
Fact: Randy did the sound for that one part in that movie... you know the one... with the guy... anyways you'll know it when you hear it.
Fact: Randy was the inspiration for Simon and Garfunkel's song "The Sound of Silence".
Fact: If you play Randy's music on maximum volume you still can't hear him singing.
Fact: Randy is the inspiration for every cover version of a song in history
Fact: Ken Bone is Randy's dog's chew toy's name.
Fact: White Misspelled Xibit pimped Randy's Atari 2600 by sawing it in half and adding hinges to the back. He said now it's a convertible. Randy thought it sounded cool at first, but he's starting to thing he was duped.
Fact: Randy created E.T. for the Ateri 2600 so that Jeff could correct his spelling.
Fact: Randy created E.T. for the Atari 2600 to negotiate peace during the Vietnam war. No, it doesn't actually help navigate the complex political climate that leads to civil war, but it did make the south get so angry that they threw down their weapons and gave up. Which is as close to peace as that one was gonna get anyway. Can't blame Randy for trying.
Fact: Randy fought a proxy war against communism, and won with a 56k modem.
Fact: Randy established the Ottoman empire because he wanted better furniture for his living room. The whole thing kind of spiraled out of control, but now you have Turkey. You're welcome.
Fact: Randy holds the Guinness world record for playing paddle ball on the moon.
Fact:  Randy has a signed copy of E.T. for the Atari 2600.
Fact: Randy created the empire of China so that he could put an Asian spin on probably eating some chicken nuggets or some shit by adding sweet and sour chicken into his diet. The whole thing kind of spiraled out of control when the mongol hoards attacked, but now you have most consumer electronics. You're welcome.
Fact: Randy created Ancient Greece so that he could revolutionize philosophy and eventually introduce the doctrine of "No Guarantees." The whole thing spiraled out of control when some Trojan kidnapped a princess, but now you have a naming system for your software releases. You're welcome.
Fact: Randy has a signed copy of E.T. for the Atari 2600. Meaning he pissed on that stupid ass game.
Fact: Randy once got so mad playing E.T. for the Atari 2600 that he drove to California just to punch Steven Spielberg in his stupid face.  It took him a month to get there, and he detoured through Cleveland on the way there and the way back. He couldn't remember why he was mad by time he got there, but still punched Spielberg for living so far away.
Fact: Randy likes his victims like he likes his wine. Stored in the basement.
Fact: Randy likes his victims like he likes his cheese. Full of holes.
Fact: Randy likes his arrest record like he likes his tacos. Never tried once.
Fact: Randy likes his mugshot like he likes his Back to the Future. Never seen before.
Fact: Randy used to work for Sierra Nevada brewing company. That was until he suggested naming the Oaked breakfast stout "morning wood".
Fact: Randy used to work for the Lipton tea company. That was until he suggested naming the Irish breakfast tea "drunk by noon".
Fact:  Randy used to be the head chef for Chipotle.  That was until he suggested naming their Burritos, “The Big Beaner”.
Fact: Randy loves fishing in the park. He casts out a candy bar to catch smart ass children.
Fact: Randy loves phishing in the park. He casts out a &lt;input type="password /&gt; to catch credentials.
Fact: Randy loves fishing in the park. He casts out a try { ... } to catch exceptions.
Fact: Randy loves fission in the park. He casts out refined uranium to catch a nearby atom.
Fact: Randy loves fashion in the park. He just shows up really late, and for some reason this is fashionable.
Fact: Randy loves phasers in the park. He doesn't even set for stun.
Fact: Randy loves Shakespeare in the park. But typically he throws the spear right after shaking it.
Fact: Randy loves fizzling in the park. He casts out a spell that's too high level for him and it just fizzles.
Fact: Randy slayed the highlander with a clayless.
Fact: Randy has a 9 foot claymore. After claiming the 9th left foot he throws it away and gets another.
Fact: Randy's party poppers consist of 9 feet in front of an explosive claymore.
Fact: Sean Connery knew better than to appear in Highlander 2, so Randy put on wig, adopted a fake accent, and filled in for him. Don't tell Randy that you don't like the movie or he'll chop off your head.
Fact: Randy has a pumpkin spice wood chipper.
Fact: There were originally 6 spice girls, but the youngest was a bit of a smart ass so Randy created his pumpkin spice wood chipper to take care of the problem.
Fact: When Randy is in the jungle, the mighty jungle, the lion does not get any sleep.
Fact: When Randy is near the village, the peaceful village, the lion does not get any sleep.
Fact: The lion doesn't go anywhere near Jergel's on Thursday night.
Fact: When Randy says hush my darling, don't fear, my darling, the lion does not get any sleep.
Fact: When it's Thursday, a cougar Thursday, the lion sleeps tonight.
Fact: Unless you're a smart-ass darling, then it's the not the lion you should be worried about.
Fact: I probably jumped the gun on that one, but this is Randyfacts. :no_guarantees:
Fact: Randy cannot, will not, and does not stop.
Fact: When Randy kicks somebody into a bottomless pit he's been known to say "This. Is. RANDYFACTS!". But he kicks people into bottomless pits without saying anything also, so it's probably not significant.
Fact: Randy voiced the Lion in The Tokens' version of The Lion Sleeps Tonight.
Fact: Randy plays the guitar in his a capella band.
Fact: when Randy makes roast beef, he tells a cow a bunch of shitty cow jokes then slices it thin with a chainsaw.
Fact: Randy was supposed to play a hyena in the Lion King on Ice but his burning skeleton kept melting all the ice so he had to turn it down.
Fact: Randy doesn't toast his pop tarts in the toaster, he just sits on them for 30-45 seconds, because his skeleton is on fire.
Fact: Randy was once on a weight loss commercial. He was fired after delivering the line "Watch the fat just melt away... after I light your skeleton on fire."
Fact: after Randy murdered his first smart ass child, he walked away ruthlessly, knowing exactly what had happened to Ruth.
Fact: Randy doesn't understand how to download warez. He left a bucket of leeches out in the rain.
Fact: When Randy was first asked to use bit bucket he took a great big chomp out of a wooden pail.
Fact: Randy knows the rubber ducky song by Heart. But Earnie's cover version is what most people remember as the original.
Fact: Randy didn't invite everyone out for drinks because his phone only calls batman.
Fact: Randy didn't invite everyone out for drinks because he used up all of his shared plan minutes with God.
Fact: Randy didn't invite everyone else out for drinks because he lapsed back into Swahili for a day and nobody could understand what he was saying.
Fact: Randy actually did invite everyone else out for drinks, we just couldn't hear him.
Fact: Randy didn’t invite everyone else out for drinks but you thought he did because he’s really good at jedi mind tricks
Fact: Randy did invite everyone else out for drinks but he was the only one that wanted to drink beer out of a stack of washers with the other end sealed up with Henry's Wet-Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: some people invite all their friends out for drinks, Randy just brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: some people invite all their friends out for drinks, Randy just brandishes a double cheeseburger. 
Fact: Randy was supposed to invite his friends out for drinks, but he probably just ate some chicken nuggets or some shit.
Fact: Randy didn't invite everyone out for drinks because he wasn't back from Cleveland in time
Fact: Randy didn't invite everyone out for drinks because it's Cougar night and he's got better things to do
Fact: Randy didn't invite everyone out for drinks because it's Cougar night and he's got better ~things~ people to do
Fact: Randy did invite everyone else out for drinks, he just did it telepathically. Only Erron and Eric got the message.
Fact: Randy didn't invite everyone out for drinks cause Randy's an assho.....\n*edited by Randy* Eric can't play now he's busy doing something with me behind this baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: I just escaped from a shallow, hastily dug unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Randy did invite everyone else out for drinks. Tom was supposed to deliver the message, but he forgot... Tom's a dick.
Fact: Randy drives his car off a cliff every Tuesday night because he thinks the nurse in the emergency room is cute. His mechanic isn't bad either.
Fact: Randy can't spell his own last name.
Fact: At least when it's written on the side of a fish tank.
Fact: Well, now that I think about it, he was doing us all a favor because if it was actually spelled right, that would probably count as a signature.
Fact: Randy used to own an Emergency Room but he greatly misunderstood the symptom Chest Pains. He'd give you an emergency sex change, charge you 8 bucks, and depending on the outcome, ask you if you like dragons.
Fact: Randy can spell his own last name just fine, but you try writing your name with a pen that's between the toes of a severed left foot.
Fact: When Randy goes in for a drug test, they ask him for a hand writing sample.
Fact: When Randy goes in for a drug test, they ask if they can try some too.
Fact: When Randy goes in for a drug test, he passes with colors that he can hear.
Fact: Randy defeated the terminator with an I'll be backslash.
Fact: Randy defeated the terminator with a null terminated string.
Fact: Randy defeated the terminator with Randytron
Fact: Jeff Bridges tried to defeat Randytron, but then his career kind of stagnated.
Fact: Caleb posted the picture about bread in the toilet because he found it while searching the Internet with Randy on ways to come up with a new unique signature after he got his identity stolen by Manuel Dobrega.
Fact: some magicians can escape hand cuffs. Randy can too, but only this one fuzzy pair next to a whip in his parents closet.
Fact: Bobby helped Randy escape from a pair of handcuffs using a bottle of hot sauce.
Fact: Randy stole the whip in his parents closet so he could dress up like Indiana Jones for Halloween.  People didn't know what he was supposed to be.
Fact: Randy found a Lone Ranger mask in his parents closet. He helped them finish it by cutting holes for the eyes.
Fact: Randy stole the Holy Grail so he could dress up like Indiana Jones for Halloween. People didn't know what he was supposed to be.
Fact: Randy stole a bunch of dress up magazines from his parents closet. None of the people in the magazines had any clothes on, so he glued dress doll clothes on them.
Fact: Randy stole a bunch of animal costumes from his parents closet so he could dress up for Halloween. People told him he was a few months late for the convention.
Fact: Randy established the middle eastern countries of Syria, Yemen,and Oman are you excited?
Fact: Randy's leftover meatloaf sandwich has a pulse.
Fact: Randy's leftover meatloaf sandwich was a stunt double for Doogie Howser.
Fact: Randy's leftover meatloaf sandwich can play the intro to Stairway to Heaven.
Fact: When you open the to go box to Randy's leftover meatloaf sandwich, it brandishes a double cheeseburger.
Fact: If Randy doesn't have the DVD you're looking for, his leftover meatloaf sandwich usually still has it on VHS.
Fact: Randy holds the land speed record for a cruise ship, but his leftover meatloaf sandwich holds the air speed record.
Fact: Randy found out the hard way that just cause you walk into a McDonald's dressed like Ronald McDonald they won't do everything you ask.
Fact: Burger King and McDonalds are now involved in a heated legal battle after Randy set up a siege camp outside of a Burger King dressed as Ronald McDonald.
Fact: Randy dressed up as Ronald McDonald called some people fat that were eating lunch at a McDonalds, when they started to get upset he said, "I'm just clownin' ya'll." and it was aight.
Fact: Randy and Bobby walked into a McDonalds dressed as Fry Kids and managed to score themselves 2 free kid-size ice cream cones.
Fact: Randy snuck into Burger King dressed as a king. It was much more entertaining than it should have been and Eric has a video of himself swearing about it on youtube.
Fact: Randy once got fired from McDonald's because he told a customer if you want to "Have it your way" go to Burger King. Then he charged them 8 bucks for the advice.
Fact: Randy once got fired from Burger King for publicly beheading a customer for treason.
Fact: Randy is on his way to Cleveland now so he can make it to Erron's house tomorrow. Still no guarantees.
Fact: Randy taught Erron everything he knows about how to party.
Fact: Randy taught Erron everything Erron knows about how to party. Randy did not teach Erron everything _Randy_ knows about how to party.
Fact: Randy used to work for a S.W.A.T. team, but he greatly misunderstood what a flashbang was. He'd show up to a mission in just a trenchcoat. It had basically the same effect as an actual grenade, but it turns out there are policies enforcing a certain amount of body armor worn while on missions.
Fact: Randy showed up for a party in high school dressed as the guy from scream carrying a really convincing knife covered in blood. People asked him "You know this isn't a costume party, right?" and Randy responded "What's a costume party?"
Fact: Randy used to go trick or treating as a pirate. Bobby always preferred to go as something scary, so he went as Randy.
Fact: Randy tried out for the football team in high school. The coach got a little freaked out when Randy showed up with his own feet.
Fact: Parents instinctively go through their kids candy looking for poison or razor blades. This isn't to protect their kids, they just send it all to Randy. Razor blade is his favorite flavor.
Fact: Randy played as a quarter back in the little league football team for about a week. They'd always pull off the dumbest plays and lose the game. None of the kids wanted to get thrown into the wood chipper for suggesting a smart one.
Fact: Randy's pee wee football team's name was "The Stumps". Before Randy joined it was the Rams or some shit.
Fact: Randy thinks that Forest Gump is a nature documentary.
Fact: One year Randy and Bobby went trick or treating as Pac Man and a ghost. Everything went fine until one house gave out power pills and Randy spent the rest of the night chasing Bobby around trying to eat him.
Fact: Breakfast is always a tense time at the Jakicic home. One time Randy ate a maple sausage link and accidentally shot Bobby with a nail gun.
Fact: Breakfast is usually a tents time at the Jakicic home, but sometimes Randy is up for having waffles in a more permanent structure.
Fact: Breakfast is usually a cents time at the Jakicic home. Randy uses that time to count his copper pennies, and Bobby helps him since he's good at math.
Fact: Randy's code always runs.... out of fear.
Fact: Randy runs with his code. He finds it a good way to keep in shape.
Fact: Breakfast is always a tense time at the Jakicic home. Bobby desperately tries to dig the Pentagram of Protection out from the bottom of the cereal box before Randy finishes his sausage just in case of any super powered mishaps.
Fact: Randy helped direct a Star Wars porno, he called it "Space Bawlz".
Fact: Randy's porn star name is Bone Skywalker
Fact: Whenever someone would ask where the "Space Bawlz" was shot, he would reply with "Deep space" and a wink.
Fact: Randy did a lot of research into black holes before directing "Space Bawlz".
Fact: Randy has a wormhole in his pocket. He used this to cheat at Tag as a kid, because he could always reach into his pocket and be touching base from wherever he was standing right before he got tagged.
Fact: In "Space Bawlz" Randy was the only one able to reach ludicrous speed.
Fact:  Randy made it clear when directing “Space Bawlz” that Han shot first.
Fact: "Space Bawlz" actually has a deeper emotional meaning behind it. "Bawlz" actually refers to space crying because of the poignant tragedy of the story. Haha, I said "deeper"....
Fact: No matter what the art form is, Randy tries to tell a story beyond what is presented to the viewer. For example, when he directed the movie "Space Bawlz", it was really about two people who were destined to meet, but were also fated to battle each other in the name of controlling the galaxy. As much as they tried to avoid their destiny eventually one side impales the other with a light saber and dominates the galaxy.
Fact: No matter what the art form is, Randy tries to tell a story beyond what is presented to the viewer. For example, when he directed the movie "Space Bawlz", it was really about a Victorian era business person who falls on hard times, is sent to debtors prison, and spends the rest of the film trying to escape the chains of bondage.
Fact: No matter what the art form is, Randy tries to tell a story beyond what is presented to the viewer. For example, when he directed the movie "Space Bawlz", it was really about a new contestant rising up and winning the local hot dog eating competition.
Fact: No matter what the art form is, Randy tries to tell a story beyond what is presented to the viewer. For example, when he directed the movie "Space Bawlz", it was really about a local wrestling team rallying around their new coach on their way to nationals.
Fact: While directing "Space Bawlz", it was common for the actors to ask Randy for pointers.
Fact: While directing "Space Bawlz", it was common for the cougars to ask Randy for pointers.
Fact: Randy's looking forward to the premier of "Space Bawlz", he feels like everybody worked really hard on it.
Fact: Randy taught Sue Johanson everything she knows
Fact: Randy taught Sue Johanson everything she knows, but not everything he knows.
Fact: Randy used to own a documentary film company, but he greatly misunderstood what it meant study cougars in their natural habitat so he accidentally directed the film "Space Bawlz." It's available on cinemax for 8 bucks.
Fact: Randy's documentary on cougars doubles as marketing material for Jergel's.
Fact: Randy once went bowling. He threw a hash pipe at 10 stoners waiting for the bus.
Fact: Randy once went bowling. He threw an entire salad down the lane and complained that the ball return didn't clean it up.
Fact: Randy once went bowling, he threw a football championship game at 10 stoners waiting for the bus.
Fact: Randy once went bowling, he threw a fine china dinette set at 10 stoners waiting for the bus.
Fact: Randy once went bowling, he threw up on 10 other bowlers. Bowling makes Randy sick.
Fact: Randy once went boweling, he threw a the bundled up intestines of one of his victim at 10 stoners waiting for the bus.
Fact: Randy once went bowling he gave bowl cuts to 10 stoners waiting for the bus
Fact: Randy once went bowling. He used a Panera bread, bread bowl with broccoli cheese soup.
Fact: Randy's favorite Godzilla villain is Momthra.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend. He's at a wedding and he had to deliver the cold feet.
Fact: Randy looks at his feet while walking. He has pictures of all the piles on his phone.
Fact: Randy can pour Mtn. Dew from a 2 liter into a can of Mtn. Dew.
Fact: look at his horse, his horse is amazing. Give it a lick (wooo) it tastes just like raisins.  With a stoke of its mane it turns into a plane and then turns back again when you tug on its wonky. (Ohh that's dirty) do you think so? Well I better not show you where the lemonade is made. Sweet lemonade sweet sweet lemonade, sweet lemonade yeah sweet lemonade.
Fact: Randy can make a Mtn. Dew out of a molehill. 
Fact: Before Randy trained him, Sir Gregor was known as "The Molehill"
Fact: When Randy's drunk he sends people drunk wood chipper texts. The end result is basically the same thing, but he chucks his phone into a wood chipper and the blades hit random buttons.
Fact: Batman is getting sick of Randy's drunk texts.
Fact: Randy once got so drunk that he actually put a tree in his woodchipper. He’s never made that mistake since.
Fact: Randy once got so drunk that he actually signed his name with a pen. He's never made that mistake since.
Fact: When Randy starts off a new program, he usually echo's "Goodbye, World!" to the terminal. This is much more applicable for what the program will ultimately do when he's done writing it.
Fact: Randy can’t hang out this weekend.  He is stuck in Cleveland trying to give away two tickets to the Browns’ game this Sunday.
Fact: Randy once got so drunk that he actually told someone he couldn't give them a ride somewhere. He’s never made that mistake since.
Fact: Randy once got so drunk that he actually asked a girl out _before_ he asked if she likes dragons. He's never made that mistake since.
Fact: Randy once got so drunk that he used his woodchipper for stink bug eradication. He's never made that mistake since.
Fact: Randy took a picture of the first taco he ever ate, but he forgot to take the picture before he ate it... soooo yeah.
Fact: Randy took a picture of the first smart ass child he murdered in a wood chipper, but he forgot to take the picture before he killed it... soooo yeah.
Fact: Randy can reach through a running woodchipper, grab a pile of  wood chips from one end and pull a tree out  of the other. He just never has any occasion to. 
Fact: Randy's been living under a rock for the past 10 years. Not just a rock, but _The_ Rock. He could always smell what he was cooking and sometimes he'd stop in for a bite. After a while though, Dwayne realized that even with all the money he was saving paying 8 bucks a month for rent, it was time to move on. They said their goodbyes and that was that. Randy still gets a postcard from him every now and then that says "Thinking of you - &lt;3 D.J."
Fact: Randy keeps a little rubber duck on his desk at work. When he's having trouble with a particular problem, he'll explain it to the duck. This usually helps Randy figure it out, because if that duck doesn't deliver him a 15 page analysis of the problem with at least 8 different solutions to it in the next hour his yellow rubber as is getting melted down into a can of Henry's Wet-Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement. Do I make myself clear?
Fact: Randy has danced more than once with the devil. He'll usually bust out some totally fresh new dance moves to keep things hot down there. If Satan's got something going Randy hadn't counted on though, he'll just text Bobby to unplug the solar panel and the party is over. 
Fact: For Randy, any card is a business card. It just depends on what sort of business you were planning on engaging in with him.
Fact: When you work for Randy and he decides to fire you, he doesn't pussy out. He fires you himself, out of a cannon, through a ring of fire, over a tank of radioactive piranhas, into the driver's seat of a Ferrari, which he let's you keep, but don't get too excited because he's just started up his lambo with the machine guns under the hood and he's only giving you 10 seconds to negotiate unemployment. 
Fact: Randy has been cast to voice the pod bay doors on the new Star Wars cartoon series on Nickelodeon, Kylo Ren and Stimpy.
Fact: Randy has a solar panel on his house that powers a heating lamp for a chicken egg incubator in hell. You wouldn't think that it was necessary, but satan really takes his ornithology seriously.
Fact: Randy is responsible for modern browser's correcting your spelling if you forgot to capitalize "Satan." Show some damned respect!
Fact: Randy knows where the chicks are in Hell. 
Fact: Randy has tried to lite a Phoenix on fire just to see if it could rise from the ashes. It didn't work out so well for River, but Joaquín's career is doing great since the experience.
Fact: Randy has tried to order a Phoenix a Miller Lite. I really didn't think this through.
Fact: Randy sang the lyrics in the music for every video game made for the NES.
Fact: Randy used to own a barber shop, but people thought a byte was too much for a shave and a haircut.
Fact: Randy voiced Hannibal Lecter's conscience in Silence of the Lambs.
Fact: Randy created all the physics for the Transporter movies.
Fact: It was actually Randy that told BatFrank that his message was in the wrong channel. Randy can only call out batman.
Fact:  Randy’s been trying to get Rogue One tickets.  While he waits he is probably eating some chicken nuggets or some shit.
Fact:  Randy can’t hang out this weekend.  He is already camped out in front of the theater for the next Star Wars movie.  Awe man…are you excited?
Fact: Randy telefragged a bunch of other Star Wars fans that were camping out in front of the theater for the next movie. 
Fact: Randy once starred in his own reality TV series titled "Don't Try this at Home Because for You It Would be Incest". It started off ok but still got cancelled after the first season when everyone figured out Randy was just porkin' their moms.
Fact: Randy once starred in his own reality TV series titled "Please Don't Actually Watch This Because Most of These Things are Felonies and I Could Get Arrested". It started off ok but still got cancelled after the first season when everyone figured out Randy takes reality TV seriously.
Fact: Randy once starred in his own reality TV series titled "My Car Didn't Need That, Anyway". It started off OK but celebrity guest White Misspelled Xibit kept taking things from his car, and there was never a camera man, and the director was probably just some homeless guy. Randy's starting to think he was duped.
Fact: Randy once starred in his own reality TV series titled "Kids Make the Darnedest Noises ". It started off ok but still got cancelled after the first season when Randy ran out of smart-ass children in the audience.
Fact: Randy once starred in his own reality TV series titled "Wife Swap". It was a lot like the regular version but Randy would cut the Wives down the middle, swap the halves, and sew them back together. It took the women about 3 minutes to die. The rest of the time was filled up with voice over and commercials.
Fact: Don't ask Randy to do you a solid, or you might just end up in a block of carbonite, sold to Jabba the Hutt.
Fact: Randy can't stand ale unless it _does_ taste like yak piss.
Fact: Randy once entered his woodchipper on pimp my ride. Xzibit dropped a hemi in it and put spinner rims on it. I'm pretty sure Randy got the right Xzibit this time. He threw him in the wood chipper during the reveal, just to make sure he wasn't duped again. Nobody fucks with his woodchipper.
Fact: While Xzibit was pimping his woodchipper, Randy was a bit bored. He didn't know how to spend his free time. He just ate some chicken nuggets or some shit.
Fact: Randy once spilled an entire can of Surge all over his hoodie. It was ok though, because it was absorbed a surge protector the mice were using to host a LAN party at the time. It interrupted their game of Diablo, but they weren't that upset, they kinda felt guilty slaying other mice for experience points earlier on.
Fact: In addition to his disco stick, Randy also has country, R&amp;B, classical, and smooth jazz sticks. Lady Gaga wants to take a ride on all of them, but Randy hasn't asked her if she likes dragons, so... no guarantees.
Fact: A few months after Randy met Lady Gaga he taught her to say "Dada" and eat solid food. He'll have her walking and talking in no time!
Fact: Randy bought Lady Gaga the Goo Goo Dolls for her first birthday.
Fact: Randy once starred in his own reality TV series titled "Murder She Drove". It started off ok but still got cancelled after the first season when somebody actually watched it and started to question the logic. History channel will probably pick it up, though.
Fact: Randy is currently filming his own reality TV series titled "Survivor". There are some obvious trademark issues with the title, but Randy figures that won't matter by the time he's done filming everything. The real issue is there being anyone left besides him in the world to actually watch it.
Fact: Randy likes to draw cross hairs on group photos.
Fact: It's hard to tell, but Randy's hair cut is really angry. He's got a lot of cross hairs pointed at other people.
Fact: Randy's protest slogan is "Peace, Love, and Cougars"
Fact: Randy's protest slogan is "~Peace~ Danger, Love, and Cougars"
Fact: Randy has thrown an entire football stadium into space in order to make the term "astroturf" more accurate.
Fact: Randy likes to follow around the maintenance guys at soccer fields with a siren when they aerate the field.
Fact: Maintenance guys at soccer fields hate Randy.
Fact: The Randinacci sequence goes Copper Penny, Right Foot, Twins, 3 Months and Pick Up The Conversation Where We Left Off, 5 Pomegranates, 8 Bucks, and Kordell Stewart rookie card... It just kind of ends there.
Fact: Randy likes for things to stay right were he left them. If he ever finds out who keeps rotating the moon around the Earth, he's going to kick their ass.
Fact: Randy got into a bitter argument with gravity. Eventually they had a falling out.
Fact: The leaning tower of Pisa is actually a lever that opens Randy's gateway to the underworld. He hasn't switched it in a while.
Fact: Randy is helping to cure cancer.
Fact: Randy is a necromancer.
Fact: Randy shared a box of twinkies with a belly dancer. 
Fact: Randy has no need for a male enhancer.
Fact: Randy's favorite reindeer is prancer.
Fact: Randy once drifted 478' in a Mitsubishi Lancer.
Fact: Do you like dragons? Randy's waiting for the answer.
Fact: Randy is a hypnotist. He needs a volunteer so he can entrance her.
Fact: Randy doesn't speak French. He calls you a Francer.
Fact: Randy always calls a female teacher "Ma'am" and a man "Sir."
Fact: Randy is immune to Poison Ivy's kiss, and after their date he plants her.
Fact: Randy knocked Dan's tooth out. When he got it replaced, Randy called it a Danture.
Fact: Randy doesn't watch Star Trek, but he's pretty sure that one guy is all like, "I'm givin' it all I can, sir."
Fact: Randy doesn't watch Star Trek, but he's pretty sure that one guy is all like "Damn it Jim, I'm playing doctor over here"
Fact: Randy can run the Hidden Temple in his sleep, and in fact does so, most nights.
Fact: It's called the Hidden Temple because Randy buried it in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: Randy's version of game night involves cougars and juice boxes. And Randy never loses.
Fact: Randy's version of game night involves obscure trivia cards, a group of kids, and a woodchipper. And Randy never loses.
Fact: Randy’s version of game night involves a foil deck of Magic cards and your left foot.  And Randy never loses.
Fact: Randy's lactose intolerance also causes him to lash out at zebus, because they're kind of like cows.
Fact: Randy doesn't watch Star Trek, but he's pretty sure that one guy is all like "To boldly go, to Cleveland, and then wherever man hasn't gone"
Fact: Randy doesn't watch Star Trek but he's pretty sure Scotty is beaming up a bunch of cougars to party with. 
Fact: Randy doesn't watch Star Trek but he's pretty sure if it were him, he'd set phasers to dangerous.
Fact: Randy doesn't watch Star Trek but he's pretty sure he'd have thrown Wesley Crusher into a wood chipper before they even made eye contact.
Fact: Randy doesn't watch Star Trek but he's pretty sure that klingons are a type of plastic wrap.
Fact: Randy doesn't watch Star Trek but he's pretty sure that Tribbles wouldn't be any trouble at all.
Fact: Randy doesn't watch Star Trek but he's pretty sure that those aliens are called Bobulans and Randmens.
Fact: Randy doesn't watch Star Trek but he's pretty sure that the next generation listens to loud music and has no respect for their parents.
Fact: Randy doesn't watch Star Trek but he's pretty sure that reaching warp speed starts with someone saying Skadoosh.
Fact: Randy doesn't watch Star Trek but he's pretty sure that the cardassians are real people. 
Fact: Randy beat up a guy at a car repair shop while playing NHL 96 because he didn't understand the fighting mechanic.
Fact: Bobby is the next best thing.
Fact: Randy and Bobby run a service as driving instructors. They're really good at it. They even swap out who is instructing the student from time to time... midway through the drive... on the highway.
Fact: Randy and Bobby tag-team during interviews just for shits and giggles. Really the only reason they don't get the job usually is because the interviewer doesn't understand why they "have to get up to use the bathroom" so many times during the interview.
Fact: Randy and Bobby have tandem roller skates.
Fact: Randy and Bobby have siamese roller skates
Fact: Randy rejected a job offer from Bad Opportunity inc. because they have a policy against brandishing a double cheeseburger.
Fact: Randy rejected a job offer because they don't believe in dragons.
Fact: Randy rejected a job offer from Bad Company.
Fact: Randy accepted a job offer before the interview because they had a "Dragons Only" parking sign.
Fact: Randy rejected a job offer because they were going to make him sign with a pen.
Fact: Randy rejected a job offer from Bad Opportunity inc. because they were too close to Cleveland and he has strict rules about what constitutes a detour.
Fact: Randy rejected a job offer from Bad Opportunity inc. and then he probably ate some chicken nuggets or some shit.
Fact: Randy is too dangerous for USB controllers.
Fact: Randy rejected a job offer from Bad Opportunity inc. because they don't offer a good 401-Kordell Stewart rookie card plan.
Fact: Randy rejected a job offer from Bad Opportunity inc. because their chairs aren't fire proof and Randy's skeleton is on fire.
Fact: Randy rejected a job offer because they said they take job safety very seriously and Randy prefers to keep things dangerous.
Fact: Randy rejected a job offer because his wood chipper wouldn't fit through the door.
Fact: Randy rejected a job offer because his... Eric doesn't want to talk about it... wouldn't fit through the door.
Fact: Randy rejected a job offer from Bad Opportunity inc. because they have policies against filling juice boxes in public.
Fact: Randy rejected a job offer from a competitor of Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement.
Fact: Randy rejected a job offer but they'll never know because he forgot that his phone only calls batman.
Fact: Randy rejected a job offer because the office ladies there are all under 40.
Fact: Randy has gotten into at least 24 different exclusive nightclubs by using a keygen.
Fact: Randy rejected a job offer from Bad Opportunity inc. because his desk would have faced south, and that would be really uncomfortable for him.
Fact: Randy rejected a job offer from Bad Opportunity inc. because they wouldn't let him bring his leftover meatloaf sandwich to work without a leash.
Fact: Randy rejected a job offer from Bad Opportunity inc. because one of the employees was allergic to sausage, and the rest were allergic to being shot with a nailgun.
Fact: Randy rejected a job offer because they wouldn't give Bobby the same medical benefits for them being the same person. 
Fact: Randy rejected a job offer... but Manuel Dobrega took it. 
Fact: If Randy doesn't ace an interview, he just lets someone steal his identity and then tries again.
Fact: Randy rejected a job offer from Bad Opportunity inc. because they hired Manuel Dobrega and let him take someone's job.
Fact: Sometimes, when Randy takes a bullet for Bobby, he'll have Bobby step to one side while he steps to the other to make it look like the bullet just split Randy into two people. This REALLY freaks the shit out of gunmen.
Fact: Randy has never done landscaping or construction, but he listens to country music so... he's always bitching about Manuel Dobrega taking his jobs.
Fact:  Randy used to be a doctor.  He would prescribe medicine, surgery, physical therapy, or the final solution.  No one ever took the final solution.
Fact: Randy applied to be a doctor at Bad Opportunity inc.  When they didn’t hire him for the job he prescribed the final solution.
Fact: Randy once accidentally prescribed the final solution instead of Viagra to an old man.  When asked about all he did was shrug and say, “No Guarantees”.
Fact: Randy prescribed the final solution to the folks who keep making Final Destination movies. It didn't take.
Fact: Randy prescribed the final solution to the folks who keep making Final Fantasy games. I mean... when will it truly be final?
Fact: Randy puts on a Europe CD when he performs the Final Solution.
Fact: Randy performs the Final Solution on all his classmates during finals to improve the class average.
Fact: Randy prescribed the final solution to one of his classmates. He thought that they would give him an automatic A because one of his classmates died. He got one, but it was because the professor was afraid of him.
Fact: Randy prescribed the final solution to one of his classmates. He thought that they would give him an automatic A because one of his classmates died. He got one, but it was because his professor was the Fonz and that's all he can give out.
Fact: Randy rejected a job offer because the FDA has rules about mice, even if they're concealed under a hoodie.
Fact: Bobby is actually a wereRandy, it's just hard to tell. 
Fact: Randy prescribes the final solution after he runs out of pomegranates.
Fact: The term blowout comes from the fact that Randy inflates his tires with cocaine.
Fact: Even if he's morally conflicted about his target, Randy can't help but smile when firing that kill shot from his rifle because he knows as the bullet makes its way out of the gun, it's technically doing a barrel roll. 
Fact: Randy has a lazy Susan in his kitchen... but Eric doesn't want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy has a rotating display for his coin collection. He calls it his lazy Susan B Anthony.
Fact: Randy figures the Susan in his kitchen is lazy because none of the work she logs in JIRA is billable. 
Fact: Randy deliberately let the bearings rust out on his rotating storage in his kitchen so it's hard to move. He'll be damned if he has one of those _lazy_ Susans in his kitchen. 
Fact: Randy runs a carbonite alternative to cryogenics for hipsters that want to be preserved, but are concerned about it becoming cool. 
Fact: Jack Black and his brother Kyle once told a shiny demon the greatest RandyFact in the world, but they didn't start it with "Fact:", so HOFF missed it.
Fact: Randy and Bobby like to act like doorways are actually mirrors by standing on either side of them and mimicking each other. They figure they've got people fooled because nobody is walking through it, but it's basically just because the two of them are blocking the way and they'd feel bad ruining their fun. 
Fact: Randy has successfully snuck Bobby into a drive in theater by handing the attendant 3d glasses before paying for his ticket. 
Fact: Randy likes to keep the fish tanks clean because sometimes he doesn't feel like walking all the way over to the water cooler for a drink. 
Fact: Randy carried a lunch box as a kid, but he'd always start the day with it empty. You'd see him regularly cut class throughout the day to go out and hunt. He'd always have it full by lunch time, but at the end of the day, he could only bring back 200 lbs of food. He took computer class very seriously. 
Fact: Randy has his own line of natural  energy drinks, but he doesn't like to include certain popular ingredients. Most of his drinks are no-gaurana teas.
Fact: Randy knows exactly what your mom's soup tastes like, but he'll still try a little bit that she gives him straight from the spoon. 
Fact: Kids can be really mean, but they learned that Randy can be the worst. When he tells a "your mom" joke, chances are it's actually true.
Fact: When Randy tells a knock-knock joke, he actually carries around a big door with him to knock on. People usually humor him, because if they don't, he gets frustrated and just drops the door on them.
Fact: The concept of Road Kill is largely a myth. Randy simply likes to kill deer with his bare hands and leave them on the highway.
Fact: Randy once gave a deer a quickie sex change to avoid a violation from the game commission.
Fact: One day, while mutilating about a half dozen deer, Randy quickly whipped up a leather chess board and carved a bunch of little game pieces from their antlers. The Game Warden was really confused but apparently he was the right person for the job.
Fact: One day, while mutilating about a half dozen deer, Randy quickly whipped up a leather monopoly board and carved a bunch of little game pieces from their antlers. By the time the Game Warden arrived Randy had rolled doubles 3 times and the Warden had to take him to jail.
Fact: One day, while mutilating about a half dozen deer, Randy quickly whipped up a leather Ouija board and carved a planchette from their antlers. By the time he arrived, Randy had already contacted the spirits of the dead deer and assured the game warden that they were ok with everything that just happened.
Fact: One day, while mutilating about a half dozen deer, Randy quickly whipped up a leather Othello board and carved a bunch of little game pieces from their antlers. Randy and Bobby were about half way through the game when Randy got up to go make some hot pockets. The Game Warden arrived and arrested Bobby by mistake. Believe it or not, shouting the phrase "It wasn't me, it was the guy who looks just like me!" doesn't work all that well when being checked into the psych ward.
Fact: Even if Randy eats them cold, they're still hot pockets.
Fact: Randy has a solar panel on his house that powers a VCR in hell. Well, actually he has a lot of solar panels that power a lot of things in hell. But he didn't get them all at once. It started out simple, but once he proved that he could save money on his electric bill by installing a few solar panels, his whole roof started getting covered... and Satan can't stop ordering things from the home shopping network that need plugged in. One of these days Randy will remove the panel that powers Satan's cable box so that he stops buying stupid shit.
Fact: God invented rain to mess with Randy's solar panels and piss off Satan... but he's also still kind of mad about the shared minutes thing.
Fact: Satan ordered a bunch of Christmas lights from the home shopping network even though Randy told him that he really didn't need them. He never even took them out of the original packaging, he just likes the spiral pattern they make on that thing. 
Fact: One day, while mutilating about a half dozen deer, Randy quickly whipped up a leather Operation board and carved a bunch of internal organs from their antlers. Without the glowing red nose, Randy was able to get through the whole game, stress-free, by the time the game warden showed up.
Fact: One day, while mutilating about a half dozen reindeer, Randy quickly whipped up a leather Operation board and carved a bunch of internal organs from their antlers. This time he was able to complete the glowing red nose. A few minutes later the Game Warden showed up, laughed, called him names, and told him he couldn't do that anymore.
Fact: One day, while mutilating about a half dozen reindeer, Randy quickly whipped up a suit of leather armor and carved barbs and a handle for a cat-o-nine from their antlers. He placed these back in his parents closet. Randy likes to give back to the community where he can.
Fact: The best Cheer in the history of high school football was accomplished when the squad spelled out F-A-C-T: R-A-N-D-Y. Their team immediately scored a touch down, the score board turned to blood, and the entire football field exploded.
Fact: The best Cheer in the history of high school football was accomplished when the squad spelled out F-A-C-T: R-A-N-D-Y. They accomplished the colon by chucking two pomogranates at a pair of grandparents in the front row.
Fact: The best Cheer in the history of high school football was accomplished when the squad spelled out F-a-c-t: R-a-n-d-y. They accomplished the lowercase letters by including the junior cheer squad. This isn't impressive in and of itself, but the other 6 junior members told Randy that boys were from Jupiter so he threw them into a wood chipper.
Fact: The show "Cheers" is based on Randy's involvement with high school football games. The theme song refers to everyone knowing Randy's name.
Fact: When guest starring on the show "cheers", Randy brandishes a double Cheer's burger.
Fact: Randy and Bobby prefer to to sail large boats and barges because they need a wide berth. Just like when they were born... but eric doesnt wanna talk about it.
Fact: During the fall, Randy cleans up the leaves in his yard with a flamethrower.
Fact: During the fall, Randy cleans up the trick or treaters in his yard with a flamethrower.
Fact: During the fall, Randy cleans up the leaves in his yard with a flamethrower. It's in his bones... because his skeleton's on fire.
Fact: During the fall, Randy cleans up the leaves in his yard with a flamethrower.  But first he had to eat a lot of sausage.
Fact: During the fall, Randy cleans up the fiery inferno in his yard with a flamethrower.
Fact: Randy mows his lawn with a flamethrower.  He only has to mow it once every other summer.
Fact:  Randy once challenged a fireman to dual with his flamethrower.  The fireman's ashes are spread near a creek behind a baseball field in Carnegie.
Fact: During the spring, Randy cleans up the T1000 in his yard with a tanker full of liquid nitrogen.
Fact: Randy can't hang out this weekend, he needs to get his flamethrower serviced.  He has lifetime free maintenance from the flamethrower dealer.
Fact: The last thing you hear before being set on fire from Randy's flamethrower is, "Do you like Dragons?"
Fact: Randy isn't allowed in disco clubs anymore because he took the Trammps a little too literally.
Fact: Randy showed Lady Gaga his disco stick, offered her a ride, then promptly rescinded his offer after he learned she was younger than 50.
Fact: Randy used to have an entire disco tree growing in his front yard, but one fall, leaf cleanup got out of hand and he burned the damn thing to the ground.
Fact: Randy doesn't have a freezer. He just launches his boxes of hot pockets into low earth orbit until he's ready to eat them.
Fact: Randy doesn't know much about theoretical physics. He's already proven them in practical application and has little user for theoretical knowledge.
Fact: When Randy defeats a great evil and locks it away for all eternity, he seals the prison with Henry's Wet-Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement. 
Fact: If Randy has seen farther than us, it's because he has stolen the left feet of giants.
Fact: Randy likes to shop in the inorganic section. He just finds computer chips to be crunchier than the regular kind.
Fact: Randy hates organic food. If he accidentally buys some, he'll just inject a big old wad of silicone in there before he eats it to balance it out. 
Fact: Randy confused the organic foods section for Oregon Trail, and while he shot a good 3,746 pounds of food, he was only able to carry 200 pounds back to his car before security showed up because it was mostly destroyed. 
Fact: Through much experimentation Randy has determined that baby penguin nuggets don't make noises when you tickle them.
Fact: While Randy was experimenting with baby penguin nuggets he was probably eating chicken nuggets or some shit.
Fact: Randy's Native American name is "Lies with the Mountain Cat".
Fact: If Randy lies TO a Mountain Cat, she always finds out and sends him to his room. But that's ok. They both kind of enjoy it.
Fact: Randy's house does not have any horse stables. He thought about building them once but decided that he rather likes the comparison with francium.
Fact: Randy's house does not have any horse stables. Even if it did, there wouldn't be any hay in there, and he sure as hell wouldn't be letting some smart-ass child tell him he should put hay in there.
Fact: Randy has a successful side business selling motivational slogans to t-shirt companies. His latest is "Hang in there, Boba Fett. You get rescued in the extended universe."
Fact: Randy has a successful side business selling motivational slogans to t-shirt companies. His latest is "Do you know the way to san, Josè?"
Fact: Randy has a successful side business selling motivational slogans to t-shirt companies. His latest is "Keep on trucking... illegal drugs across the border."
Fact: Randy has a successful side business selling motivational slogans to t-shirt companies. His latest is "Life is a highway and I want to ride it through Cleveland."
Fact: Randy has a successful side business selling motivational slogans to t-shirt companies. His latest is "It's bad luck to let a black cat cross the streams."
Fact: Randy has a successful side business selling motivational slogans to t-shirt companies. His latest is "Life is what you make it so practise necromancy."
Fact: Randy has a successful side business selling motivational slogans to t-shirt companies. His latest is "You are what you eat, so cannibalism is O.K."
Fact: Randy has a successful side business selling motivational slogans to t-shirt companies. His latest is "Hey Eric, PT Cruiser."
Fact: Randy has a successful side business selling motivational slogans to t-shirt companies. His latest is "Skadoosh"
Fact: Randy has a successful side business selling motivational slogans to t-shirt companies. His latest is "Hay isn't for horses. Ask me why."
Fact: Randy can play the bagpipe, but someone else has to blow it up for him.
Fact: Randy only lets Scottish cougars blow his bagpipe
Fact: That's not a bagpipe under Randy's kilt.
Fact: Randy's dressing up as nothing for Halloween. He's actually just vanishing altogether from existence for the evening, but when he comes back you know damn well he's gonna have several bags full of candy.
Fact: Randy always got a few extra king size candy bars when he went trick-or-treating, because your mom thought his costume was really cute.
Fact: Randy’s dressing up as Halloween for Halloween.  The feedback loop caused by this phenomenon might be how the world ends. #staydangerous
Fact: Randy is dressing up as anti-Bobby for Halloween. He plans on going trick-or-treating with Bobby like this and destroying the universe.
Fact: Randy is dressing up as a dragon for Halloween and he's passing out notes to all the girls that say "do u like me? yes no circle one"
Fact: If Randy comes up next to you and says "Ok Google" you better be ready with whatever information he's about to ask you for, because the next thing he's going to do is bang your head against a wall until you "start working".
Fact: If you give Randy an inch, he'll take a foot.
Fact: Randy will trust you about as far as he can throw you, which means he'll trust you right into a wood chipper. When he asks if you like dragons, just be honest, and also make sure that you do like dragons. 
Fact: Randy really trusts pomegranates.
Fact: When Randy throws a hand grenade, it's a sign of trust.
Fact: The movie Birds is loosely based on a time when Randy tried to prove that phone booths are feasible at high altitude.
Fact: The movie Psycho is loosely based on a time when Randy scientifically proved that blood is thicker than water.
Fact: The movie Rear Window is loosely based on a time when Randy cut off Jimmy Stewart's left foot.
Fact: As a kid, Randy never ate Flintstones vitamins, he just ate actual flint stones. Kept him sharp, he said. 
Fact:  Most people want you to get out and vote.  Randy wants you to get out and buy tickets to Star Wars.
Fact: When Randy throws a loud party, his neighbor doesn't call the police, he calls the military.
Fact: Erron has to call Randy because everyone else is rightly afraid to.
Fact: Erorn has to call Randy because Randy's phone only calls Frank, a year ago.
Fact: Randy bitch slapped Aragorn and created Erron.
Fact: When someone tells Randy to become what he was born to be, he just keeps doing what he's doing.
Fact: When someone tells Bobby to become what he was born to be, he does what Randy does.
Fact: When someone tells Manuel Dobrega to become what he was born to be, he steals Randy's identity.
Fact: Bobby is dressed as a math teacher for Halloween. Bobby doesn't have much of an imagination.
Fact: Bobby dared Randy to dress up as him for Halloween. Bobby doesn't have much of an imagination.
Fact: Randy has been manufacturing robotic Indians for the HBO Series Westworld. He considers himself a native android developer.
Fact: Randy got the job, because he's Randy, and he gets whatever the fuck he wants.
Fact: White misspelled Xibit got Randy a job supporting Atlas. He told him it was a sweet gig that would allow him to stand on the shoulders of giants, but after the first few minutes of holding up the sky, he's starting to think he was duped.
Fact: White misspelled Xibit got Randy a job as a programmer for the English department. He told him it was a sweet gig, but after grading the first few essays, Randy's starting to think he was duped.
Fact: Bobby got Randy a job doing the exact same job he just got hired for. Bobby doesn't have much of an imagination.
Fact: Randy hacked <http://thetruth.com|thetruth.com> to prove that Han shot first.  Who cares about the hazards of smoking anyways?  Priorities people!
Fact: Randy once proved that Han shot first by murdering a smart ass child in a wood chipper.
Fact: Randy had to repeat the 6th grade because of excessive absenteeism.  He saw Episode II: Attack of the Clones 96 times that school year.  Priorities people!
Fact: Randy can’t hang out this weekend.  He is busy doing a favor for his mom’s sister’s second cousin twice removed son’s friend who lives in Cleveland.  Priorities people!
Fact: Bobby once made a kid cry because he told him that he had to repeat the 6th grade. The kid ended up dropping out, running away from home, and resorting to a life of crime. Bobby just wanted the kid to repeat the phrase as a joke. Bobby doesn't have much of an imagination.
Fact: Randy invented the concept of project managers, but his initial name for them was: Priorities people!
Fact: Randy once tracked down an armed criminal who was on the run for killing a store clerk and suspected of being a serial killer who was responsible for a dozen more unsolved murders. The cops cuffed the guy to the chair but before they could start interrogating him about where he hid the bodies, Randy burst in and asked him if he likes dragons. Priorities people!
Fact: Randy is able to tap into that 30% of the brain that most people don't have access to in order to store detailed information about a conversation he had with Eric 18 months ago. Priorities people!
Fact: Most people look at that 30% of the brain and just keep on walking. Randy looks at it and thinks "I'd tap that."
Fact: Randy is able to tap into that 30% of the brain that most people don't have access to in OTHER people's brains. He uses the extra thought processes to mine bitcoins.
Fact: Randy has justified many a frontal lobotomy with the logic of "they weren't going to use all of it anyways".
Fact: Randy filed a civil suit against Bruce Lee because he watched “Enter the Dragon” and there were no dragons in that movie.
Fact: Randy filed a trademark suit against Bruce Lee because he starred in a porno titled "Enter the Dragon" that was filmed way before the second one.
Fact: White misspelled Xibit once put a dragon decal on Randy’s car.  He got a can of spray paint, and proceeded to draw something resembling more of a bloated hamster with wings.  He's starting to think he was duped.
Fact: Randy filed a civil suit against Sisqo for ever having leashed the dragon in the first place. 
Fact: Randy is the captain of the USS Bluetooth. Passengers complain about shitty signal, but as far as Randy is concerned, it's unsyncable.  
Fact: When Randy needs a last minute costume, he'll go out into the woods, kill a bear, skin it, and make a costume out of it. Then he probably eats some chicken nuggets or some shit.
Fact: When most people get mauled by a cougar, they either don't come back, or they come back covered in cuts and bruises. Randy comes back smoking a cigarette.
Fact: Randy was going to pay off his school loans but he needs a third Black Lotus.  Priorities people!
Fact: Randy can read things written upside-down, so when he sees one of those jeeps with the clever sticker, he just keeps rolling it. 
Fact: The first thanksgiving was a time of celebration because the people narrowly survived a plague of Randy killing pilgrims and burying them in an unmarked grave next to a creek behind a log throwing field in Roanoke.
Fact: Randy was cleaning up leaves in his yard one day, by tossing balls of fire at them, and he accidentally touched one. Since then he's been able to turn into a Raccoon and likes to kick turtles.
Fact: Randy the Raccoon has been seen behind the subway in Zelie trying to get into garbage cans.
Fact: Randy the Raccoon can dive into one garbage can and come out another one at someone else's house, but only in Zelie.
Fact: Randy the Raccoon doesn't actually eat garbage. Trash cans just look like warp pipes.
Fact: The employees at the subway in Zelie have started telling Randy that the princess is in another castle.
Fact: Bobby the Raccoon dressed up in a Tanuki suit for Halloween. Bobby the Raccoon doesn't have much of an imagination.
Fact: Randy the Raccoon beat up a bunch of Italian dudes near some trash cans at the subway in Zelie.
Fact: Randy the Raccoon was last seen at the furry convention with a cougar holding a juice box.
Fact: Randy the Raccoon’s favorite Subway sandwich is the spicy italian.
Fact: Randy the Raccoon ate a wild flower, thought he was being chased by flying turtles, and started tossing balls of fire at employees of the subway in Zelie.
Fact: Randy the Raccoon likes to throw flaming pomegranates at an old folks home.
Fact: Randy the Raccoon is a firm believer in the $5 foot long but Eric doesn’t want to talk about it.
Fact: Randy the Raccoon framed Jared.
Fact: Randy the Raccoon likes dragons, but he fucking hates fire-breathing turtles.
Fact: Randy the Raccoon's baculum is on fire.
Fact: Randy the Raccoon loves digging vegetables out of the ground but hates Piranha plants.
Fact: Randy sends e-notes when he doesn't feel like writing out a full email.
Fact: Randy does all the sound effects for dubstep music by eating the microphone. It's actually more expensive than you'd think to create that stuff considering what those microphones cost.
Fact: Randy showed up to a Mothers Against Drunk Driving meeting with a stockpile of nuclear weapons. It wasn't that kind of MAD.
Fact: Randy the Raccoon dove behind a white storage container and then ran behind the Subway in Zelie and found a house made out of a mushroom. He came back  with a magic whistle and when he played it, he was whisked away to Cleveland.
Fact: Randy's CMS uses an innovative new What-Randy-Says-You-Get-Is-What-You-Get (WRSYGIWYG) editor. Sometimes it comes out how you want, but no guarantees.
Fact: Randy the Raccoon had a weird dream where he beat up a frog. He came to behind the Zelie subway next to an expired jar of mayonaise. Randy hates when that happens.
Fact: When Randy goes to a Subway restaurant and orders a ticket to the next station, you better damn well give him a ride there.
Fact: Randy invented a website where you like or dislike facts about him and Bobby. He called it twinder.
Fact: Bobby invented a website where you like or dislike facts about him and Randy. He called it twinder. It got immediately shut down due to trademark violations. Bobby doesn't have much of an imagination, or much business sense.
Fact: Randy has a hook for a hand, a bridge for a leg, and a drum solo for one eye.
Fact: Randy has a hook for a hand, but he's perfectly willing to hang his victims by their legs if need be.
Fact: Randy has a hook for a hand, and Wendy for his other. He does a puppet show of Peter Pan every Thursday at the library.
Fact: Randy has a hook for a hand, so when you ask him for a hand, you're going to get a hook. Deal with it. 
Fact: Randy's hook hand made it extremely difficult for him to handle acts that needed applause or needed pulled off stage during his career on Broadway. 
Fact: When Randy gets shot in the hand, the Unreal Tournament announcer reports it as a "HOOKSHOT!"
Fact: Randy once killed a vampire he had invited over for dinner by serving it a steak that was so overcooked it tasted like wood.
Fact: Randy once accidentally summoned Dracula by gathering all of his bones and body parts and placing them in a coffin. But to be fair, he thought he was making the most epic pot of stone soup ever.
Fact: Vampires are generally moody and emotional because they wish they could live forever like Randy without all the bloodsucking bullshit.
Fact: When the Ghost Rider used his penance stare on Randy, the ghost Rider saw a trailer for Rogue One and Randy asked him if he was excited.
Fact: When the Ghost Rider asked Randy how he deals with having a skeleton that's on fire, Randy recommended a coat of Henry's Wet-Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement, it's guaranteed to stop leaks. Which... doesn't really solve his problem.... so there's that.
Fact: Randy played the board game Odd Jobs. He got half way through helping his neighbor retar his driveway before he looked at his cards.
Fact: Randy played the board game Odd Jobs...and...you know.
Fact: Randy played the board game Odd Jobs. All of his business cards had Henry's Wet Patch Rubberized Roofing Cement. He won every round.
Fact: Randy invented FTL travel just so he could look back on a TV he'd pointed at the sky and watch stuff he missed without having to buy a DVR.
Fact: Randy's FTL travel ship that he uses to watch reruns without a DVR, doesn't let him listen to the show's audio. So he usually plays the same episode on netflix in the next room so that he can hear the dialog.
